music neg 575.txt the cd came as promised and in the condition promised . i 'm very satisfied 
camera pos 577.txt when it comes to buying camcorders , i personally like the one with the build in memory . but after using this camcorder i was forced to change my mind . unlike other sony camcorders , first of all , it offers upto 40x zoom which is a lot . its a good use of your money . you can have it for under $400 and still works better than a lot of choices out there . easy to use , touch screen , takes still photos , has a good speaker so it 's easier to record video and voice , fits into your palm so to speak , and if you use rewritable mini dvds , you would n't have to worry about go out of memory . so when it comes to sony camcorders , i would say the better quality of this one would get the job done properly . 
camera neg 617.txt i thought i was upgrading from analog to digital but after seeing the videos i shot indoors i liked the analog better . very poor and grainy . also the focus is terrible ! while filming 3 people in a row moving from one to the other the focus would blur then refocus . i filmed my daughter 's ballet recital and could not believe how the auto focus kept bluring then focusing . very disappointed with this purchase . i guess it 's true what they say . " you get what you pay for " it seems under $600.00 does n't get you much 
music pos 737.txt sometimes i like to look up and see what i can find on some of my favorite bands from the 70 's and starz being one of them . i was lucky enough to see the band play a few times around 77 and 78. another band that took time for their fans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i read through the many reviews of posted here on amazon and not sure if there is much that i can add , also great to see that there were so many out there that enjoyed the band and their music . i would recommend reading about each of the starz cd 's and listening to the sound files if available and deciding for yourself....... . i remember i liked this cd so much and the logo as well , i even hand - made a stencil and made my own starz shirt , i think i used some of that gold " glue on glitter " in a tube and had one of the first starz shirts , before the band even had any if i remember right . lots of good songs on this cd , pull the plug being one of my favorites both on the lp / cd and live . all good rock songs from a band that deserved a lot more........ . i could go on trying to describe the music......... . too bad there are no sound files for this cd...... . so you may just have to order it and take a chance . the remaining members have played a few shows during the past year or so and guitar player richie ranno continues to be active in the music business , you may even want to go over to starzcentral to get updated and see what richie and the band are up to . singer michael lee smith also had a brother that had his own band and later ventured into hollywood...... . but this is about starz ! ! ! ...so... . i highly recommend checking out the cd 's and starzcentral . not to be confused with the movie channel or another band from europe that is using the name recently 
music neg 631.txt & quot ; modern&quot ; usually sounds like some outdated mid-80s new wave album by the cars , flock of seagulls , or somesuch . it is not a punk record , mostly midtempo pop . the three songs diggle wrote and sings on are basically awful ; shelley 's are considerably better - the usual wry lyrics and great hooks . i would say about 3 or 4 of the tunes are topnotch buzzcocks stuff ; newbies should buy & quot ; operator 's manual&quot ; or & quot ; going steady . &quot ; or dig up the amazing & quot ; different kind of tension&quot ; from a used record store somewhere ! also , see them live if you have a chance 
music pos 505.txt not only do you get some great music with this cd , you get the beginnings of climax as well . ( the last 2 cuts are essentially sonny geraci solo songs done by 1 / 2 of the band that would play on climax records ) includes their 4 hits ( time wont let me , girl in love , respectable & help me girl ) and a slew of other very like-minded material . if you like any of their 4 hits , you will love the rest . if you like climax , you should buy this for the 2 last songs which are essentially climax tunes 
camera neg 725.txt my husband and i bought two of these to take on a cruise for our snorkling outting . due to weather , the snorkeling was canceled , but we did end up using the cameras . one we used for regular pictures , outdoor only , beacuse there 's no flash , and it was okay , though the pictures were a bit grainy . the other i took on a camping trip with some high school kids and the camera jammed a few pictures into the roll , i could turn and turn the winder , and the film would n't advance , but it would let me take another picture . after fighting with it the entire weekend , i ended up getting about 10 pictures that could be made out , though these were grainy , too 
camera pos 457.txt this camera works well , except that the shutter speed is a bit slow . the image quality is decent . the use of aa rechargeable batteries is also convenient . the camera is pretty sturdy . i 've dropped it a few times and it still works fine 
camera pos 567.txt i bought this item to be used with my sony hdr-hc3 camcorder in combination the fig rig . it works as advertised . i do wish the clamp portion of the item was removeable , but it can be worked around . i found the remote to be very responsive , as you would expect from sony . and the price was a bargin . 
music neg 23.txt many albums , including this one , have the problem that all the songs pretty much sound the same ; but this also has the troublesome problem of music that is too easy on the ears and that never gets very exciting - except for the first two tracks . the use of many poetry elements in their lyrics ca n't save the blandness of the music . " what about everything " and " life less ordinary " are good songs . the rest pretty much sound the same and will put you to sleep . 
music pos 791.txt this is a wondrful cd and quite a bargin . two discs and the very best of nancy wilson . i liked so much , i bought two and gave one to a friend 
camera pos 3.txt this was the best item i ever bought for my camera . i do a lot of walking with my camera , and thought i would use it as a walking stick , which i do , but the best part of this monopod is what i never thought would happen . my pictures are never fuzzy ! i can take low light photos and have they come out clear . i paid very little for this item and would never be caught without it and my camera . the three levers on the bottom allow for quick expansion at all different lengths . the carrying case allows for this item to be packed next to my camera without it getting scratched 
music neg 220.txt i liked the santana - steven tyler song / video . since i found out about the sneaky root kit this software installs and the idea of no free use of something i buy within reasonable means - i wont buy the cd . want to make sure that sony loses money in this effort - will teach them a lesson . i have been burned by sony 's proprietary [...] before on other items , so i will stay away . 
dvd pos 193.txt the synopsis ... sam and jonah baldwin , father and son , have lost the most important woman in their lives to cancer . seeking to escape from the painful memories that lurk in every nook and cranny of chicago , they move to seattle . eighteen months later , jonah can sense that his dad is still sad ; and , in desperation calls a nationally syndicated radio self-help guru on christmas eve to wish for his father a new wife . annie reed lives in baltimore and is engaged to walter . their relationship , while loving and comfortable , is entirely devoid of romantic sparks . when annie hears jonah 's soulful plea on the radio , it 's as if her heart has been touched by " magic " and she is determined to find out why she feels so powerfully drawn to sam and his son ... even if it means traveling across " like 26 states " . the critique ... sleepless in seattle is a brilliantly simple film ; that 's what makes it so great . to quote nora ephron , " it is n't a movie about love , it 's a movie about love in the movies . " to emphasize this point , she incorporates various parallel references to " an affair to remember " throughout the film ; but , sleepless is also a movie about our genuine romantic fantasies and sentimental ideals about falling in love ( which , let 's admit it , have been undeniably shaped by what we 've seen on the silver screen ) . the script is refreshingly candid , yet endearing and nora ephron 's direction is impeccable . ross malinger , cast as jonah baldwin , is the youngest and most notable talent in the film . he does an excellent job of portraying the quintessential eight-year-old ; he 's impulsive , moody and thinks he knows it all . ( i speak from experience here folks ; i currently have a son that age . ) he and tom hanks come together flawlessly as father and son ; so successfully in fact , that they would be utterly convincing off screen . the chemistry between meg ryan and tom hanks is equally amazing , which is no small achievement considering the fact that they rarely appear together in a scene . the supporting cast is brimming with talent and includes rosie o'donnell , bill pullman , rita wilson , rob reiner , david hyde pierce , and a young gaby hoffmann . families with younger children will appreciate the film 's integrity ; there is very little foul language ( " god damn it " and " ... it scared the shit out of me ... " being the worst of it ) and no " sexual content " to be wary of . all around , this is a winning film . one that i find myself watching over and over and over again . the dvd ... for a 10th anniversary edition , the special features are few and rather disappointing . you 've got your basic director commentary , a music video ( " when i fall in love " by celine dion & clive griffin ) , and a " love in the movies " featurette . this last piece is approximately 15 minutes long . it features the director , producers , actors and the hosts of loveline : drew pinsky and adam carolla ( why they are included , i do n't know ) talking about " love in the movies . " there are some interesting interview segments with an empire state building historian and some very beautiful shots of the new york skyline before 9 / 11 ; but there 's certainly nothing here to write home about . by far , the most exciting feature is that you can choose your aspect ratio . ( and honestly , how exciting is that ? ) this a dvd that you buy for the film alone . 
music neg 616.txt this is a saccharine and banal take on irish music , with all the emotional intesity of a hummel figuraine . upon first listen , i remarked to my wife that they sounded more like peter , paul , and mary than the dubliners . she correctly pointed out that peter , paul , and mary were actually much better than this pablum , and that the irish rovers more closely resemble the fictional main street singers from a mighty wind . truly , absolutely , unlistenably passionless , cloying and bland 
music neg 401.txt boo-wop ? haha ok , anyways i bought his through middle-piller distro . and it 's got a couple of o.k. songs on it . the problem is the singing and the overall production . this is definetely a home-recording on computer deal . the vocals are waaaaay weak . what exactly is a " re-worked " debut album ? ? ? i thought once an album was out it was done , set in stone ? apparently not , so mister monster gets to pull a blitzkid ( who changed their first album cover years after it came out ! ) and take the cheezy way out . a definete step up from bands like blitzkid , but still in the cellar of rock n roll . do yourself a favor and buy some good old deathrock from the golden years 
music pos 425.txt like louis jordan , his less well-known contemporary jump / jive artist , cab calloway fits into an area much beloved by americans who recall the boggie woogie era or simply love the jumpin bumpin scufflin shufflin sound of that pre-rock and roll music . though in truth i do love jordan more and think he was a truely protean genius who was the grandfather of r&amp ; b , calloway was the consumate showwman whose jive / jump music ca n't help but bring a smile to your lips and a lift to your heart 
books pos 916.txt jesse , 15 lives in harlem , new york city . he is the only child of a bright couple and his best friend , rise is one of his biggest influences . jesse and rise grew up together . when rise , 17 turns to crime and joins the counts , a local street gang and insists on bringing jesse in with him along with their friend c.j. , jesse starts to reassess their friendship . he sadly realizes that he and rise are traveling down different streets ; the drive-by shooting of their friend bobby , 14 has left the neighborhood shaken . c.j. , a musical prodigy who plays piano in their church also has his sights set on a different path . it is c.j. and jesse , a budding young artist who is quite talented at drawing who realize they have more in common with each other . rise and the counts are in for a count-down ; sadly , drive-bys claim more casualties . the counts were described as being on the tame end of street gangs ; a warring faction called the diablos were responsible for shooting a friend ; killing a cabbie and later , some members of the counts . sidney , a kind and fair police officer takes the boys under his wing . he is respected in the neighborhood and word on the street was that he was a fair man , which he was . when mason , 19 an older member of the counts was busted for homicide , it was sidney who took rise and jesse to the jail ( " iron city " ) to see the fate in store for their former friend . more problems crop up in the neighborhood ; rise , seeing a chance to leave harlem wants to call jesse and the counts together for a final goodbye . sadly , that goodbye really was the end . this is an excellent book that reflects the city and street culture well . the characters are fresh , cutting edge , serious and believable . the drawings were excellent and a bonus to this book . jesse , an aspiring cartoonist created two west indian charcters , a wise man and a bird . the bird was a metaphor for jesse and it is through this avian character that he asks questions in his drawings that wise answers . myers has written many excellent books , but i think he really outdid himself with this one 
music neg 666.txt if you do n't have the blues , this record will give them to you.musically speaking , it 's tripe 
camera pos 385.txt this camera is perfect for me i have a [...] an a [...] an it always seems there doing something ide like to catch on film . this camcorder is small enough that some days i have it in my jacket pocket an the instant on makes it really easy to catch them moments that are usually gone by the time you get them big cameras out of the bag an ready to go . also it can extract a still picture out of a video clip so them candid shots are never missed . the settings for this camera are really easy to understand an use . it takes really good video 's an pictures although ive not taken alot of still pictures because i like to extract that perfect picture out of a video clip . this camera takes video cards so your not always downloading onto your pc . ive got a few 2 gig cards so ive always have one in the camera ready to go . the battery does not last a long time so i recommend a couple extra , there pretty cheep here on amazon an it usually takes one battery to download onto pc if you have it hooked up to your pc for any lengh of time . i dont know anything about camera 's an how they work i just like to take the pictures an so far this has been the easiest camera / camcorder ive seen 
camera pos 389.txt for the price paid , this is a great camera . should last me for a long time . debated buying a slr , but this seems to have all the features of an expensive slr ( actually it is a slr , just no interchangable lenses ) and a lot easier to use 
music neg 617.txt this album is dull and without any emotion.the only reason this guy is even known is because of his backgroud 
camera neg 894.txt my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [... 
music neg 793.txt i bought guerolito after hearing " heaven hammer , " the remixed version of guero 's " missing . " that remix , by air , is the sort of product that makes remixes valid - it takes the passion and yearning lost in the original production of " missing " and makes it feel at home in a louder , more tempting sonic landscape . that song became astonishing where the guero song was simply alright , and the new song , " clap hands , " is at least a good time . however , it 's hard to swallow the cobbled remixes on the rest of guerolito - the beat and the original of , say , " earthquake weather , " ( here as " terromoto tempo " ) are both individually appealing enough , but together sound dismayingly like they 're from different planets and belong nowhere near each other . " e-pro " becomes a groaning mess , the lovely " farewell ride " an electronic nightmare , and both those descrptions would be apt to describe the record as a whole 
music pos 732.txt this is an amazing ep - one of boards of canada 's strongest to date . honestly , i did n't enjoy dayvan cowboy that much on campfire headphase , but since it has been recontectualized on trans canada highway , i 'm a huge fan of the song . the new tracks are more like what one would typically expect from boards of canada . warm , fuzzy , mellow , lush analogue synths and plenty of them ! for those who were n't as taken with the newer boc sound on campfire headphase , assuage your fears - this is definitely a return to the traditional sound . that 's not to say though that this is a rehash of old material . one can hear bits and pieces of geogaddi and such , but the overall feel is much closer to music has the right to children . to all boards of canada fans - buy this without hesitation . it does n't matter what you thought of campfire - this is quality . i have one question . the title , trans canada highway , seems to be a fairly obvious reference to kraftwerk 's legendary trans europe express and the album cover seems to point to kraftwerk 's autobahn album cover , but i do n't hear any explicit musical connection . is boards of canada paying a simple titular tribute to kraftwerk , or is there something else buried within ? this calls for repeated listenings 
music pos 753.txt live alive is good enough to buy in my standered's .....i really think this was recorded poorly but the songs on it are really good if you play it in your car , or on bigger speakers so you can really hear everything much better . their are many good songs included on this complination of live performence 's spanning from performences from montreux jazz festival , austin opera house , and the dallas starfest . this recordings are all from 85-through 86. jimmie vaughan appears on willie the wimp , love struck baby , look at little sister , and change it playing guitar , and string bass . i think the worst song on the entire complination is voodoo chile ( slight return ) which is kind of weird for me to say because i think that was truely the best song stevie ray played live but in this case its not . other than that i really think for what it is it 's a average live performence . 
camera pos 95.txt it is extremely easy to use . hard to figure out the menu , but once that is done there is no problem . takes beautiful pictures . great for action shots as well . seldom find a blurry photo as it has a stabelizer built in 
music pos 959.txt one reviewer remarked that morten veland had & quot ; done it again . &quot ; yup , he shot himself in the foot again , just like he did on tristania 's & quot ; beyond the veil . &quot ; veland has an obvious talent in songwriting and building arrangements , and he definitely has a knack for surrounding himself with quality musicians . his problem is that rather than using his death metal growling for proper effect , where it 's appropriate , he just plasters it everywhere , and again lessens what would otherwise have been an incredible cd . with all of the talent that is present in this band , it would certainly have been better to let them come out of the background a little more . the songs where veland does that ( which are all too few ) , like & quot ; on the wane , & quot ; are easily the cd 's best moments . to the band 's credit , the songs are more varied than on botv , with some of the guitar parts sounding like more traditional heavy metal riffs ( especially at the beginning of the opening track ) . it 's definitely still melodic goth-metal , but shows some new directions for veland , which i find promising . now , if he would just cut back on the growling...say to 50% of the cd...sirenia 's next cd will be a sure winner 
music neg 476.txt in general i 'm a big fan of movie music , but to tell the truth i expected more from this one . this soundtrack is incomaparable to say lord of the rings or star wars movie music . it lacks depth and emotion and power . unlike emotionally potent melodies present in lotr soundtrack the eragon is pretty dull and uninteresting . i get the impression that the entire album is in fact a variation of a single theme called eragon . i get the feeling that entire album has only one very long and boring track . i hope they 'll make better album for the next movie of the inheritence trilogy . 
camera pos 77.txt this is original equipment battery charger manufactered by canon . the performance of the charger is excellent as are most canon products . the price paid was comparible to non-sale priced items puchased via internet sites . the item was recieved in original packaging , 3 days after placing the order , was new ( not reconditioned with a new appearance ) . i am extremely pleased with the entire purchase process experienced , from the information given at the site to ease of ordering and fast shipping 
music pos 565.txt buy this cd now if you do n't have it , it is an instant classic . the beats are banging , and fit cougnut and c-fresh 's lyrics perfectly . the lyrics are tight , and touch on many different things . & quot ; the last breath&quot ; is real life song about death and injustice , and decisions we all have to make in life . & quot ; protect what you hustle fo&quot ; is gangsta , about the individual struggle / hustle . & quot ; tell me something good&quot ; ( remix ) is even better than the west coast bad boyz version with master p . its about real life in the ghetto 
music neg 409.txt ...when you 're gearing up for suicide . this whole album sounds like the last thoughts and comments of a person who 's going to just end it all . i found myself suffering nightmares , fatigue , misery and paranoia . my ears unclogged but i started getting headaches and a fuzzy feel in my head . this is not a good album for the stressed , because it will just make you feel worse . i find this album unlikable and mostly unenjoyable . when i first listened to it it sounded inaccessable , after listening to it more and more i started to get more " into " it , but i ca n't say i found it a good place to be in . it 's a somewhat interesting album , but it mostly just dragged me down , made me nervous , numb and hurt my head . people say this is great music . let them say what they want . give me some old fashioned enjoyable music that does n't make a pest of itself . kid a is just ok to me , and has n't been worth all the effort to " get into " . this almost seems like a sadomasochistic album to spank the listeners . i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something , but to hear some " weird " music like this that has miles more heart and is alot kinder to the ears , try " passengers " by u2. and thom york sings like a muppet on this album . by the way i 've enjoyed radiohead 's first three albums quite a bit ( including pablo honey - - why are people always busting its chops ) . 
camera neg 849.txt my coolpix 8800 lapsed into " system error 2 " mode within weeks of getting it . after taking 3 or 4 shots the error message comes up and i have to shut it down and start it back up to take a few more shots before the error 2 message recurrs . nikon says to try a fresh battery and different storage card...no help . now nikon says says send it in and we 'll fix it - but do n't say what it will cost.. . the shots i do get are n't as good as an hp camera we have that was half the price . the controls are ridiculously complex . the flash pops up and fires when shooting in bright light...the whole thing is a piece of junk . the only good shots i 've gotten with it are inside shooting documents from 2 feet away...but for any outdoor complicated lighting it is unreliable.. . i would n't recommend this camera or any nikon product to my worst enemy....oh yeah , and they made the lens an oddball size so you have to buy overpriced nikon filters for it... . 
camera neg 742.txt in my opinion this is not a marketable product . the cameras features are irrelevant if it does not work . there is clearly a design fault and the product should be withdrawn from sale until there is a fix . when it did work it was a convenient pocketable unit . as for hd - possibly at high noon in the sahara , but in anything but perfect light the results are dissappointing . 
camera neg 298.txt i will keep this review simple . for the price this is an ok deal . however : the bag is a bit bulky and has no belt loop . the battery charger is finicky and has below average build quality batteries are generic rechargeables . you are better off finding a bag that fits your needs perfectly and picking up a separate charger / batteries . it will wind up costing you less in the long run 
music pos 213.txt at first , i thought the only reason why i wanted this cd was because idina menzel was on it . but now , after listening to the whole cd , i was right , idina menzel was amazing , and all of the other cast members are incredibly talented too . i would highly recommend this because it is a very interesting story , it 's incredibly complex music ( theoretically ) , but at the same time it is very enjoyable ! ! ! ! i would give it more stars if i could.. . but i am only allowed 5... : ( 
music neg 104.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
music neg 98.txt this cd is not at all what it appears to be . they got other people singing and playing the music , so it 's not what you 're probably looking for . terrible misrespresentation . i was so disappointed ! thank goodness i used my other party cd 's or my guests would have left......and i would have held the door open.....not blamed them for leaving ! 
music pos 486.txt i 've been listening to satoshi tomiie for a long time and this is definetly one of his best cd 's yet . its one of those cd 's that is a must have before a road trip . just play it and let it ride . from beginning to end it keeps your ears on high alert just waiting for that next track to hit . before you know it your at the end , but who says you cant just hit repeat and start the ride all over again . 
music neg 734.txt i love the sludge and the roar but the vocals are monotone and the lyrics laughable . gimme earth or sunno ) ) ) anyday 
camera pos 565.txt i was amazed on how well this battery has performed . i did make sure when i got it i did a complete charge and complete discharge and it has not let me down since . i can shoot well over two hours without needing to change to the very meek battery that came with my camcorder ( sony hdr-hc1 ) . it is thicker and sticks off the back a little bit more so you can not get your eye up to the eyepiece but i use the lcd when shooting anyway , and almost always on tripod 
music neg 554.txt i agree with the other negative review below - uninspired , simply forgettable radio trash . cliched lyrics ? check . muddy , simple riffs ? check . boring drumming with a couple of poorly played double bass kicks ? check . thank god i got this in a box of cd 's from a dj buddy of mine for free awhile back . if i actually paid for this crap i 'd have to kill myself . judging from all the " positive " reviews however , it seems some people at lava records or possibly the band themselves ( if they 're still around . i hope not . ) have been trying to plug this sorry excuse for music . 
camera pos 108.txt i received my 28-200 yesterday from amazon . having read the customer reviews , i immediately put my rebel xt on a tripod and ran two series of comparison shots with the 28-200 and my canon 28-135 is . three shots each at f-stops 5.6 , 11 , and 20 , one set indoors at iso 1600 and the other outdoors at iso 200. focal length 135 using the same scenes with each camera , highest jpeg setting . after shooting both series , i compared them fresh out of the camera , side by side . results : the 28-200 was at least as sharp as the 28-135 in both foreground and background in most instances . it was visibly sharper at iso 200 with f-stops 5.6 and 20 , ( the 28-135 took the honors at f-stop 10 ) , and at 20 , it was visibly sharper in both the foreground and the background . the 28-135 was one-stop faster shutterwise . both lenses produced pictures which would sharpen nicely in photoshop . there are the vagaries of autofocus and different shooting conditions to consider ; different test scenes conceivably produce different results . my conservative conclusion : the 28-200 is as good as it gets for a super-zoom on your canon ( unless you are going to drop $2200 on the l series 28-300 is and carry it ) , and the 28-135 is has no clear sharpness advantage . between these lenses , its a tradeoff- --an extra 65 mm of focal length ( 105 mm after a 1.6 conversion ) versus image stabilization and low-light shooting capability . both lenses focus quickly and silently , and both lenses produce usable shots . 
camera pos 331.txt excellent camera kit . versatile . i have a lot to learn about the camera , though , as it is no simple point-and-shoot . however , in auto mode , it takes great point-and-shoot pictures . i look forward to learning how to use it fully . lenses came with warranty cards , but the camera itself did not . i bought the sb-600 flash as well and another battery and two 1 gb compact flash cards to round out the kit . camera with lens attached is large , which i underestimated . $80 camera bag is too small for it all . great camera , though . price was the best i could find anywhere 
camera pos 639.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos 
dvd pos 326.txt hollywood make them , then they break them - - stars can fall as fast as they rise . sometimes they rise again , and sometimes they disappear . and christopher guest casts a jaded eye on the fickle ups and downs of hollywood in " the big picture , " a quirky , cynical movie which focuses on what the successful should never let go of . it has a few awkward stretches , but overall it 's a darkly witty cult comedy ( " you 're tracking failure all over my carpet ! " ) . nick chapman ( kevin bacon ) is the winner at an arty student movie competition , and instantly agents are chasing him all over l.a. in no time , he 's the rising young director , with a movie deal at a major movie corporation . but he 's also starting to lose sight of his old life , as he tries to become a major success . he changes the style , plot and characters of his arty movie for demographics , turning it into a beach bums / naked ghost movie . he dumps his pretty girlfriend ( emily longstreth ) for a bimbo actress ( teri hatcher ) . when the studio head gets dropped , nick falls as quickly as he rose . but a chance encounter with an old pal gives him a second chance - - an arty music video . this time , can he get it right ? christopher guest is best known for his brilliant mockumentaries , tackling everything from small-town musicals to folk festivals . his forthcoming one is another one about showbiz . but his talents are just as present in a " typical " movie , and guest does a smart , quirky job of it . the lesson : be true to yourself and your art , do n't fall for empty glitz , and do n't let success go to your head if you 're lucky enough to get it . the story is a pretty straightforward one - - nick gets great success , it goes to his head , he falls , and he rises again a wiser man . and the movie falls into straightforward lines , without many unpredictable plot twists . at first glance , it does n't seem that unusual . what makes it special ? well , simply put , guest manages to infuse it with his unique type of wit , like the oddballish pez music video and the noir fantasies of nick 's life . not to mention the glorious dialogue . when speaking of nick 's one'n'only music video , a studio woman announces , " it 's the best one yet , and i 've seen ' em all ! " and guest manages to show us agents , artists , students , directors and actors , but never descended to cliches . they 're real people , no matter how nasty . and bacon does a solid job as a young man who learns how empty glitz is . his best scene is the reunion with his friend emmet , where he confesses , " i wanna be your friend again . " and he 's backed by good performances by longstreth , michael mckean and a dancing jennifer jason leigh . " big picture " treads where many movies have gone before , but it does so with an approach as fresh as a pez people music video . a must-see 
camera neg 273.txt i bought htis from amazon , and have troubles in playing back the video clips . almost evrytime , after a while , i do see " system error " on the screen , and then the firmware is hung . after a power-cycle , the last recorded clip is gone ! some issues with the basics...so i called sanyo service , they said this is happening because i 'm using a 4gb plain sd card . acc to the support guy , max of 2gb of plain sd is supported , for more gb , a sdhc card is needed . i could not find this info on the manual or spec...so i 'm not sure how true is this . if anyone of you know about this , please let me know . video is okay for my need...still is too bad . firmware is just about average..not too great . there is much scope of improvement to be more user friendly and more informative with lesser use of buttons . battery did not perform as promised in the spec . also , there are way too many components in the box for such a specialized product . i would expect those many in a robotics kit . 
camera pos 879.txt i love this camcorder . it is very easy to use , the piture quality is great . you can record wide screen or full screen . light weight , fits in the palm of your hand which is more stable and less shaky when taping . the controls are within easy reach while taping . it is so easy to use that both of my kids have even been using it and they are only 9 and 6. it is also a great price . ca n't wait for all our summer vacations to start taping . i bought this camcorder two weeks ago from best buy . i just wrote my review and then read the others and i had to add this in , there were comments being made that you can hear the tape while recording and then in the play back . i slightly hear the noise when i am taping , but i cannot hear it when i am playing it on my dvd player . to hear the noise while taping you have to have it right next to your ear . but not noticable on the playback on computer or through the dvd player 
music pos 133.txt grew up on this group . love them then and love them now . own the & quot ; best of&quot ; collection but you can never compile the best on one cd . for those winans fans you know what i 'm talking about . these brothers are music genuises especially marvin winans . like stevie wonder they were ahead of their time . my favorite song on this album shares the message of all times . & quot ; together we stand&quot ; opens up the eyes to all race , religion , and creed that its time to come together if we want to see a change in this world regardless of background . entire album is great including the celebrity appearances such as stevie wonder , teddy riley , and aaron hall . i like the flavor the cameos add to this album . if you 're into mid-tempo music this is the album to purchase 
music pos 489.txt the afro-eurasian eclipse is a groundbreaking suite , full of intriguing new sounds and grooves . ellington did n't fade into predictability and mundanity in his last years ; instead , his compositions became more and more original and exciting . this suite has rocking , swinging , waltzing grooves that , though seemingly disparate , work together and illustrate the theme stated in the duke 's spoken introduction to the suite : to show that " the whole world is going oriental , and that no one will be able to retain his or her identity.. . not even the orientals . " duke does n't leave his standbys behind , though . the phenomenal playing of ashby , carney , jones , and the rest of the orchestra keeps the afro-eurasian eclipse firmly rooted in virtuosity , even when playing to new grooves , melded with african , asian , and australian rhythm and sound . on a personal note , this is one of my favorite cds . aside from the remarkable music , it gets bonus points for the spoken introduction , at the beginning of the " chinoiserie " track . audio notes give the listener a greater understanding of the cd , especially one with a single focus , like this one . 
camera pos 196.txt my 2 year old is really active and my point and shoot camera cannot keep up with him . and i also do n't like the washout look when i uses flash . so i researched about which slr will best meet my needs , mainly catching fast action , candid moments and low light photos without flash . the canon 30d comes up top on the list . it has the best high iso performance in its class ( better than nikon and sony ) . and when i combine the 30d with the fast zoom lens ef-s 17-55 mm f / 2.8 is , the result is amazing . i can stop any action in daylight , capture every candid expression of my 2 yr old with the fast burst mode , and take indoor or night photos without using flash or tripod . portraits are also excellent with sharp image and beautifully blurred background ( bokeh ) . even the dimly-lit decors of the disneyland haunted mansion came out superb when we went there for the halloween party at night , without flash or tripod . this is really an important factor for me to buy this camera , as taking pictures with a tripod is not an option when your subject is an active 2 yr old . but you will need a good lens to make this work well . if you use a cheap kit lens , then it will probably not matter which camera you pick . remember that these 3 are all very good cameras and the small differences in image quality you see in reviews are apparent only when they use the best prime lens ( not the kit lens ) and crop the pictures to magnify the details . the sony is a very good choice if you are on a budget and do n't need low light performance ( use flash and save money ) . the nikon has more custom function than canon , and it is really as good as canon . they both have their strength and weakness . canon just happens to have slightly better high iso performance and that suits my need better than nikon . to be fair , i should mention that the nikon d200 tops most reviews as the camera of the year , beating the canon 30d overall . but the d200 is a bit too advanced for an amateur like me , better suits someone more serious about photography . the d80 is like a " mini " d200 , but slower . so it really boils down to what you really need and how much you want to spend . shooting in low light without flash will need good high iso performance , a good fast lens ( with wide aperture , usually expensive ) , and image stabilization . if that 's what you want , the canon 30d with the ef-s 17-55 mm f / 2.8 is will not disappoint you 
camera neg 171.txt i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting 
music neg 363.txt jj , the name of the song you are looking for is " like you like an arsonist " by paris texas 
camera neg 771.txt if you want a nice camera that works well for 15 months , then look no further . but mine died completely and is headed for the electronic recycling bin . i did n't realize i was getting a disposable when i bought it 
camera neg 561.txt the worst thing for this is , you have to bring a bench of disc with you and replace disc every 20 min if you are capturing hd video . i think most of buyers would take hd video if you buy a hd camcorder . but a small disc can only hold 20 min hd video , have to change disc time by time . the cmos sensor is worse than ccd but it is the best sensor among cmos in this price today . a lot of noise will come in low light condition ! i bought it for $800 and return it . i think you 'd better buy sr1 with a 30g hard drive . that would be a much better one ! 
camera pos 352.txt if you are looking for a great all around camera , this is it ! our kids play sports and are in constant motion and the sports mode captures it all . also love the " last 4 " feature , gets some great action shots . we had the fuji 7000 before this and they have definately fixed the features that bugged me . love the new manual zoom ( if you like 35mm lenses your like this ) as well as the battery drain . i used to have to replace batteries every day , now its more like once a week with the amount we use it . my other favorite feature is the dual memory slots for those times where i forget to put it back in the camera after downloading ! so there is always one in there ! . the video comes out great and with the new manual lens you can zoom during video shots . in general , without spending a lot more , you get a great camera that keeps up with an active " picture happy " family 
camera neg 684.txt offers no eye comfort whatsoever . magnification is very weak . stick to original eye cu 
camera pos 766.txt took some nice pictures underwater in cuba . pretty easy to use . worked fine at our depth ( ~8 meters , 24 feet ) . still waiting for the chance to use it at greater depths . 
camera pos 635.txt we just got this camera after much research . the camera is easy to use and we like it but frustrated that it does n't do some of what was advertised . for the most part tho for the price and all it is fine . just read all the directions and do n't be to disappointed if it does n't play your old 8 mm tapes and a few other things like that . i wrote to sony and they said that this model does n't do a few things . so main point here is read and read and know what it is . i liked the service we received thru amazon . no problems ther 
music pos 993.txt this film came out in 1973 and i saw it in its original full length version ( about 3hours and 15 min . ) executives from columbia pictures were there , it was the premeire , and they were groaning and at the intermission fights broke out ( verbal ) and ushers passed among them and myself and everyone else with soundtrack albums . the executives left the theatre and scaled the albums across columbus circle in boston and i and a few friends retrieved them and had quite a few for free . we returned to the film and i have always loved this crazy redition of lost horizon , the miscasting , the terrible sets , the odd ball music for the story , the dubbed liv ullmann , the dance routines of olivia hussey..all of it . you cannot find a musical like it , or a soundtrack like it . columbia execs were unimaginative ; they should have believed in this film . the next day after this premeire in boston , new york etc. ( simultaneous i suppose ) the film was cut , the posters were taken down..there was a ton of material to buy..t shirts , dolls , posters of all sizes , bath towels with the poster on them , records of the sd tk of course , and small pop up sets of the entire film . it was to be a massive hit..in two days time all of the paraphanalia was removed , and the posters said , last two weeks , and in two weeks the whole thing disappeared . but many people came to see it..lines of people , and , when they heard it had been cut , they gave up , and in two weeks everyone said farewell to this film . i have many treasures from that opening nite , and now i have the cd of the sound track . anyone who loves movie magic or madness has to see and hear this film ; it is unique . enjoy this soundtrack and get your hands on a dvd ..they are out there 
music pos 433.txt i just love this cd . over 8 years ago my much older coworker turned me onto this album . it is definetly not just for st paddy 's day . this is an album you can listen to over and over . the sinead songs are a bit whiney , but she does have an excellent voice . you can not get better that mic and sting . sting 's song is just incredible . 
camera neg 616.txt i originally purchased the samsung duocam scd6040. it fortunately broke 1 week before the warranty ran out . the video began having giant pixilated squares when video taping and on playback . though under warranty , it still cost me $49 ( their fee ) to send in the camera for a repair . the repaired camera came back broken . i had to deal with many customer service people , but finally got them to agree mine was a " lemon " and they sent me the scd6550. now 10 months later , the video and playback on this duocam has broken . you see a black screen with yellow blocks on the lcd and through the viewfinder . i cannot video tape or playback anything on tape . it is not under warranty . i ca n't believe their cameras / duocams do n't last longer than one year . they must use cheap parts . please save yourself the headache and chose another brand . 
dvd pos 954.txt " backbeat " is an excellent portrayal of the hamburg phase of the early beatles , and succeeds on every level . although purportedly intended primarily to tell the story of " fifth beatle " stuart sutcliffe , the focus quickly shifts to john lennon who ( as in real life ) dominated the music and lives of the early beatles . it is as much the story of stu and john as the story of stu and astrid , and explores the dynamics of both complex relationships . still , it is a fascinating look at the early beatles , who paid their dues by playing in some of the rough reeperbahn bars in the pre-fame years . the cast is excellent , and were obviously chosen for their talent rather than their resemblance to the characters they portrayed . the music is also excellent , and complements the story perfectly . in all , " backbeat " is an entertaining journey through the world of the early beatles , and is well worth purchasing for repeat viewings . 
music pos 593.txt " debut " is used to describe someone 's first release . not their third . a classic , 5 stars...pmg in an exciting , formative mode 
dvd pos 391.txt for a plot synopsis please read the amazon review . i wish to talk about the reasons why you will love this film . as a longtime fan of both sam raimi ( of the evil dead series ) and bill paxton ( aliens , twister ) , i went to see this on opening night . not many people can claim this i 'm sure because it was and is , such a small film that received next to no marketing . for shame . this film is in the best tradition of modern film noir including blood simple and fargo , both made by the cohen brothers . film buffs will be able to draw the connections to those films and their filmakers , so i wo n't bother to get into that . should you have seen either of these films and enjoyed them , i suggest you stop reading and immediately rent a simple plan . if not , keep reading and i will try to express why this film is so remarkably brilliant . and why i hope you will take a look at it . a simple plan is , at its core , about four people . and underneath all the plot devices and twists , it 's about how they relate to one another . notice i did't say characters , because this film does n't have actors simply delivering dialogue . it 's about people you get to know , understand and sympathise with as they undergo the most brutal of dilemmas . sure , finding a mysterious bag filled with money is an excellent plot device , but the heart of this film is much simpler than that . it 's about the basic human flaw of committing a criminal act and trying to weasel your way out of it . and being forced to do the most unthinkable things in the process . that 's what gives this film such depth . you watch these people try to figure out how to cover every angle so they can get away with stealing a whole lot of cash . and in the end it falls apart for two reasons : the details and the human factor . they say the devil is in the details and this is never truer than with a crime . as for the human factor , where greed is concerned , people cannot trust one another because they fear the other person 's greed while are unable satisfy their own . in many respects this film is almost an homage to blood simple and fargo , but in many ways i think it is superior . i often draw the comparison by a scene which is both a simple plan and blood simple where a body is increasingly difficult to dispose of . and even afterwards , after the emotional toll the has been taken , once one evil act is committed , another is sure to follow . it 's so painfully facsinating to watch a person work out their problem on camera , frantically going over the details in their mind , all the while their heart is beating a mile a minute . bill paxton does this better than anyone . he is such a likable man ( both in the film and in life ) that you ca n't help but feel sorry for the mess he has created . his entire performance is a balancing act between getting away with a seemingly harmless crime , keeping his partners at bay and their mouths shut while being prodded along by his conspirator wife . that may make them all sound malicious , but really the opposite is actually true . they 're all normal folks , like we 've all seen a hundred times . and in the end it really gets to you because you can imagine how you would react in the same situations they find themselves in . after all , were you faced with the choice to steal a couple million dollars that no one would miss , what would you do ? but then again , nothing is ever that simple 
music pos 573.txt the rosary is very well produced . a powerful tool to crush the devils head 
camera neg 41.txt the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself 
camera neg 498.txt this camera looks cool . but it 's so , so not cool . the people responsible for this device should be ashamed of themselves . this is by far one of the worst products i have ever purchased . ever . by the second day the lens cap no longer stayed in place . it " clips " on.. . but not for long . the camera 's internal memory is rubbish and the camera totally destroyed my memory card somehow . it 's complelety unreadable . even with a 150mb card i could only take a few short quality videos . you can shoot more video if you use the low quality settings . and i 'm talkin ' low quality . worse than any video you 've seen online . more problems include the battery cover falling off without hardly even touching it . the controls and interface are not intuitive . you 'll probably end up accidentally deleting files you meant to keep . oh , and the earbuds that come with the camera / mp3 player / hunk-o-junk are huuuuge . they are n't comfortable in the least and the cord is too short . i had the camera in my pocket and when i stood erect , the earphones were violently yanked from my ears . they 're obviously intended for oompa-loompas . i 'm sure i could have found more problems with this thing , but it eventually died on me for no reason . do n't waste your time with this . you will be sorely disappointed . in fact , if i could give this product a rating of-10 stars i would do so . i 'm so extremely disappointed with this camera 
dvd neg 247.txt before i review , i 'd like to clear something up : i am a very latecomer in seeing this movie . i was introduced to the ghost in the shell franchise through the new anime series airing on adult swim , ghost in the shell : standalone complex . i absolutely love that show , and so i figured eventually i 'd have to get around to seeing the movie , which i knew full well shares no connection with the show . they 're both seperate interperetations of the comic series of the same name , ( which i have not read , so i do n't know which is more accurate ) but the tv series is exponentially better than this movie in almost every concievable way . there are many things i do n't like about this movie , the biggest being poor pacing . the plot for the movie is actually surprisingly straightforward once you cut away all the filler , but that 's the biggest problem . there 's not really enough story to last a full-length feature , because it seems almost like it was originally written with the intention of being a 30 minute short . and since they did n't have the budget to load the movie up with action scenes ( there are barely any , and they are n't very impressive for the most part ) they had to slow the story down with drawn out conversations that you wo n't understand more than 60% of , and camera shots that last for what feels like minutes where we 're looking at either nothing , or a woman 's nipples . that 's not cinematic artistry , that 's being either lazy or perverted . the animation itself is n't even that good , especially considering that this is was a theatrical release from only 10 years ago . it 's choppy , and there 's not really a whole lot of detail ( except when it comes to women 's nipples ) . looking at just the animation , if i did n't know better , i 'd have thought this movie was an ova from the 1980's . the only thing i can really say i liked about this movie was that it was ghost in the shell . it 's probably kind of like how i did n't see the 1989 batman movie until years after i 'd been spoiled by batman the animated series , and could n't bring myself to like it for any reason other than that it was batman . everything about the tv series is superior to this movie : the animation , the stories , the character developement , the production values.. . i could go on for an entire page about how much better the tv series is . in short , if you 're you 're at all interested in the gits franchise , do yourself a favor and rent the dvds of the tv show instead . you 'll find a lot to love , but i ca n't say the same about the movie . my dream is that someday alex proyas will give us a gits movie that lives up to what i would hope for after watching standalone complex 
music pos 117.txt what a beautiful album ! one of the rare albums that has no fillers or weaker cuts . i 'd call it a classic but that makes it sound dusty . these songs could come out in 20 years and still sound fresh . 
camera pos 314.txt this is a great camera . plenty of resolution . excellent shot speed . sturdy frame . the kit lense does n't do the camera justice . buy the body separate and add a better lense . on the bad side , i had a small glitch with the camera 's firmware soon after purchase and had to return it for a fix . it was two months before the camera was returned . sorry , canon.. . you lose a star for that 
music neg 66.txt um. i have nothing against bands that are " mainstream " . that has nothing to do with their quality of sound . ( granted , many mainstream bands are horrible , but they all deserve a chance , no ? ) dave , though , he has never impressed me . not that he 's awful , i suppose it 's okay background music...better than nothing . just oh so mediocre . i do n't understand why is he so highly praised ? voice-wise ? eh. nothing special . lyrics ? hah ! music ? umm.. . bland ? it 's all the same ! maybe i 'm missing something ? if you like one of dave 's songs , then by all means , buy this ! you can be sure your money will be spent on nearly exact replicas of that song . two stars because it 's at least music . but that 's on the high side , considering how static it is . dave will never find a place in my cd player or in my computer . 
dvd pos 711.txt a musician 's story . all factual and carefully done , showing a gathering of cuban jazz greats after many years of not performing . good photography , interesting scenes and good music . they still play ! well done 
music neg 469.txt let me first say this , roots is basically paul simon 's graceland , except nu-metalized . these guys went to south america , cut a couple of terrible tracks with " natives " ? , then filled the rest of it out with generic nu-metal crapola with that guy from korn cut and pasted into the mix for good measure . this is a particularily bad example of the vile and thank-you-god-in-heaven-it's -dead nu-metal genre-meaningless pissed off lyrics , excessive " guesting " of other crappy artist , bad guitar , bad sitar ( ! ) , and the inclusion of anything to do with korn , all presumabely done with band members sporting loinclothes and rambo style striped face paint . the biggest waste of time , money , and matter . its a shame that these guys are living and breathing and taking up space and resources that someone else could be using . a real bummer . 
camera pos 423.txt after a week of testing this camcorder , i found it good enough for daily use . the hd2 does not come with an sd card , so make sure you buy one before or at the time you get the hd2. i got a 2gb sd a-data and a 4gb sdhc qpi class6. both worked fine . the 4gb gives me about 1:20h in standardhd mode , and 55mns in superhd mode . i did n't notice a speed difference between a class2 and a class6 sd card using the hd2 , i think you should be fine with an 8gb sdhc class2. my first impression of the camera is how small it is , however it may not fit in a jean pocket . it turns on very quick , you can start filming within 2secs of startup . it has a lady voice telling the mode you are using ( ie camera mode ) , not sure if this is useful for others , but not for me . the video and still pictures are great outdoor . the video quality is impressive during a bright sunlight . in a room lighten by a 60w equivalent fluo light , the video quality is grainy / noisy , this has been confirmed by other people as well . the high sensitivity feature ( to boost the image quality at low light ) helps but not enough . my 7yrs old sony digital8 does a better job at 1lux . i noticed that video quality is grainy at low light , but 7mp still picture quality is very good for the same lighting . compared to my new canon sd800 at 7mp , it is obvious the canon digital camera wins . on the video side , i played with several configuration , iso setting , white balance , resolution , etc.. . it does helps , but the video is still grainy at low light . this camcorder has not been designed for low light filming . i ran into an issue when transfering the video & pictures from the hd2 with its cradle to the pc via usb connection . i got errors transfering the files if you use the craddle ( this will freeze the hd2 ) . i am not sure why , i have to check with sanyo on this . if you connect the hd2 directly to the pc ( without the cradle ) , the transfer goes smooth . so there is an issue with the cradle and usb port . i am also using pinnacle studio 10.5 for my video editing . so far , i have not been able to use it and control my hd2. you can however copy the files from sd to your pc , and use these files with pinnacle studio . since i film most of the time outdoor during daytime , this camera does the job fine and video quality is great . i would still give a 5 stars even with the video issues at low light . 
music pos 795.txt as always , opinions vary in terms of who is the master at recording timeless pieces of music such as these bach cello suites . starker himself pronounced in the sleeves of this cd that this edition , the 4th recordings of these music by himself is not " technically perfect " , but in many ways , his most mature interpretation . you can spend hundreds trying to find a mercury copy of " the perfect " rendition ; or you can appreciate the little imperfections of an aged artist , at the height of his humanistic understanding of music , and of life . 
camera neg 873.txt i was attracted to the cannon zr800 due to the very small size and very low cost . however , you get what you pay for , although you get much more in other brands for just a little increase in cost . i 've already returned my cannon zr800 and replaced it with the sony dcr-hc38. the smallest problem with the canon is the continued motor noise , which you should be aware of it if you have read any review for any of the zr800 predecessors . the problem is that the motor is very loud , and you will hear a very annoying whirr if you are indoors . this could be forgivable given the low cost , but the problem with the zoom noise is not . when you zoom in and out , a very noticable clicking noise occurs when you let go of the zoom switch . it is a loud click and when you play back your video this click is amplified on your video . it is impossible to watch a video and not notice this click . it is annoying , unusual and a big flaw with these new zr cannon camcorders . i called technical support , the person took a zr800 and tried it out and then acknowledged that a problem does exist ( she seemed stunned that this noise was occuring ) . bottom line , this camcorder is absolutely unusable due to this clicking noise and would not be worth using even if it were free . do not but it . btw , i love the sony dch-hc38 which is a bit more expensive and , like the zr800 , just recently came onto the market . 
camera pos 225.txt i spent alot of time evaluating this product . finally after reading the reviews i dug deep and spent the extra dollars to get this lense . it has been a wounderful addition to my canon reble . it is a very high quality product that is easy to use and delivers beautiful shot every time . 
camera neg 549.txt i was really disappointed in this product . it worked great when i first got it . but before the first charge on the batteries wore out it stopped working . it was more expensive to return it or have it repaired than it was to buy a new camera . like i said , disappointed 
music neg 681.txt reba is not country anymore period ! ! this cd will prove that . just listen to the first track which i think is horrible . as a matter of fact i think the whole cd is horrible . not deserving of reba 's talent . 
camera pos 300.txt i took this with me recently to australia and shot landscapes as well as others , and the pictures came out better than the film cameras i have used recently , plus you do n't need a scanner . this camera works great , a must have for semi-pros . pros , wait for the new 1d . pictures come out great at 11&quot ; x17&quot ; 
camera neg 558.txt amazon replaced the original coolpix p3 because of technical defects but the new one has worst problems . this one does not even focuses at all . i dont know what to do now because there is no technical service for nikon in my country venezuela or latin america . i basicly lost my 300 dollars please answe 
camera neg 679.txt do n't order this battery unless you have money to throw away ! i ordered one that would not hold a charge , called the company and they told me it was defective and to send it back . did that and got a replacement that proved to be just as bad . now after 3 months , it is n't even holding a charge for more that 15 minutes of usage time ! ! ! this is unacceptable , and again the company is still trying to stand behind their bogus product ! avoid at all cost , even if that means paying the extra $10 bucks for an original kodak branded battery 
camera pos 174.txt i wish there was also a photo that showed the backside of this camera case . if there was i would have known that this excellent quality case unfortunately does not have a belt loop which is what i was looking for in this product . great quality nevertheless 
music neg 197.txt even as dedicated of a radiohead fan as i am , i really do n't care much for this album . i say thank goodness for " creep " because we may have never heard from them again ( or at least not in the same way ) if that song had not become as popular as it did 
camera neg 526.txt bought the camera , charger and the kit as part of the deal . every thing looks good except the missing npf-50 battery . requested for a replacement . in the replacement kit also battery was missing . returned both the items . 59.99 for a carry bag and 3 dvd sis not worth buying this item 
music pos 680.txt three six mafia has out done there self with this new guy chrome about every song is decent which is hard to find these days 
music neg 596.txt these guys were the nirvana of r&b , motown , soul , black music in the 90s . as nirvana was the band that ended good white music . boyz to men was the band that ended good black music . i am kinda pissed because nobody seems to notice it like i do . these guys especially the lead singer would always sing , oh wah oh wah oh oh ohhh oh after every sentence . i mean compare these guys to kool and the gang or the commodores or rick james . i could name tons and im not really a fan of soul type music . barry white , whitney houston , bobby brown , the temptations isaac hayes luther vandross . i mean in the 90s i think almost every r&b group was better than boyz to girls . i dont understand why these guys are so popular . i guess its just like seinfeld it sucks bad but people like it . its like all these idiots were born yesterday forgetting about quality music and sitcoms from the past that were better . 
music neg 585.txt i would call this the musical equivalent of the worst of abstract art . there are those that " appreciate " unintelligable works for fear of being thought stupid if they do n't . . . just as the emporer 's subjects " ooh " ed and " ah " ed in admiration of his clothing as he paraded naked in front of them 
music neg 545.txt this album is all about sex and infidelity , is this all way usher 's life is about . this album contains to substance worth listening to . this album is a total waste of money . i like 8701 100 percent better 
music pos 606.txt the opening song " cups " by the salt lake city orchestra was one of the first songs i downloaded on my ipod . it is such a great mix ! i just love it ! oh yeah.. . and the rest of the cds are n't bad either.. . ; - ) 
music pos 771.txt there have been innumerable motorhead collections over the years , but this is one of the few that attempts to mix old with the new . on this collection , all the classics are present , and some newer material is thrown in as well . unfortunately , there are some throw-away tracks , mainly the girlscool and headgirl tracks . ( to be honest , these tracks are pretty much worthless . ) some live tracks are meshed in and fit well , and the newer songs help to add some variety to the old-scool stuff . i would recommend this collection to listeners looking to get a nice , cheap collection of some of motorhead 's best just for the sake of getting into the band . but if you 're wanting the prime collection of older material , save up some extra dough and buy " no remorse " or " stone deaf forever . 
camera pos 115.txt it 's a pretty convinient bag.i put a canon rebel xt with a tamron 28-75 lens , a canon 70-300 lens and a external flash inside and i still have the small pocket for wallet , keys etc. the only drawback of this bag is , you can not put in big lenses.the canon 70-300 is the limit.but if you only have a limited gear collection , you need to give it a try 
camera pos 728.txt excellent ! they have a really long life and are the perfect backup for your rechargeables 
camera neg 975.txt this is a nice looking brown suede camera case . based on all the stylus models listed , i assumed my olympic stylus 595 would fit in it but , unfortunately , it does not . 
camera neg 398.txt the article that receipt is difrente to that of the photo that appears . the conector to the camera is not usb / fire wire , but it is a type nini stereo 
camera neg 895.txt i purchase this instrument twice . the first time there were black specks in the lense , so it was returned . the second time was worst , i.e. same black specs but the thing did n't work at all . i have also checked this manufacturer 's other models out and most come with the disturbing black specks in the lense . this is n't a quality optical product 
music neg 317.txt as long as artists keep making albums with only one good song , people will keep getting them for free in internet . nestor keeps insisting in doing instrumental hip hop , pop , commercial , elevator music . if you like that kind of music , buy this cd , otherwise buy hubert laws , or dave valentin among others . if you want to listen to good nestor music , buy " morning ride " , " dance of the phoenix " , " talk to me " , " mi alma latina " or the charanga album " mis canciones primeras " . sorry nestor , i am a big fan of your music but you are wasting your talent doing this kind of stuff . when do you plan to make a good non commercial latin jazz album 
music pos 667.txt this album has new meaning to me now in 2007 , where i go to a college next to a high school , where i see a bunch of " punk rockers " spending lots of money to make sure their hair is pretty and that their clothes are properly tattered to maximize trendiness . there are plenty of punk rock bands out there that keep the spirit of social distortion alive , but sometimes their music is hard to find , and all the posers you see start to slowly extinguish that old punk rock fire . albums like this exist for times like those . just stick it in , turn up the volume , and rock out 
camera neg 620.txt i would agree with the other review . the indoor / low light quality of the video is unacceptable . i will be returning the camcorder today to purchase another 
camera pos 991.txt i have looked everywhere for this charger . everywhere in town wants me to buy something else that might work . it was great to finally find the actual charger that comes with the camera . it 's just the right size and plugs right into the wall . the prongs fold down and can fit nicely in a carry-on bag . thanks so much for having this item available 
music neg 75.txt i was disappointed by ms. jackson . though it 's not such a big loss b / c i did n't pay much for it . none of the songs " jumped " out at me . thank god i did n't waste time putting this on my ipod why upset it 
music pos 657.txt in many ways , this album is everything one would have expected- - somehow the natural successor to " no pussyfooting " and " evening star " . in other ways , its nothing like i would have expected- - the usual stamps of fripp and eno 's recent work seems to be missing . its really quite hard to largely identify the identity of the musician generating the sound on much of this material , there 's obvious stuff ( we 'll come to that in a minute ) , but as a rule , the backgrounds could be either of them . sonically , it moves through a number of backdrops , with delicate , percussive , synthish loops dominating the early part of the record ( " meissa " , " lyra " , " tarazed " ) , wheras the middle of the record feels more like their old collaborations updated , the sort of modern fripp soundscapes being more apparent ( " lupus " , " ankaa " ) . the remainder of the album features on track that is totally unexpected , the downright funky " altair " , with its train shuffling rhythms , drum loops , and funky guitar ( in ways similar to material from the eno / schwaum " drawn from life " record ) , and the closer , " terebellum " , is an aggressive , haunting , and almost angry sounding piece almost reminiscent of " radiophonics " or the other more aggressive soundscapes . over this material , fripp largely solos using a variant of his legendary fuzz tone- - its a bit mellower , and rounder though , similar to his leads on " starless " and " the power to believe part ii " but in a more hushed feel . so that tells not much , the real question is , what 's it like ? largely an ambient affair , the collaboration is what you 'd expect- - there 's no real incindiery moments here- - do n't look for a " baby 's on fire " , but it is comparable to their previous collaborations in quality , and it certainly sounds nothing like crimson . some of it is full of delicate beauty ( " lyra " ) , some of its just a blast ( " altair " ) , some of its actually quite hard to listen to at all ( " terebellum " ) . for fans of ambient music , especially the work of these two gentelemen , this one will be quite rewarding . it falls short somehow of being a masterpiece , but it is really a great record . recommended 
music neg 516.txt every one is obbsessed with " hips do n't lie " . do n't they relize that the songs horrible . well , so is every other track on this album . save your money to waste on something that is atleast some what decent 
camera pos 626.txt i have a canon eos rebel which takes fantastic pictures . i use it around home and when i am setting up static shots such as family portraits . the only problem is...who wants to lug it around to take snapshots . despite some of the above opinions about lack of sharpness , i have had no such problems . the 5900 is great for " grab " shots and it 's not too shabby for setting up a planned shot using it 's advanced controls . be sure that you buy a fast memory card . this will reduce the time between shots . as in most cameras , a memory card is not supplied with the camera . mr. goyal 's review about not being able to take pictures without a memory card is not true . you can take a limited number of shots with the internal memeory . the only real problem i have is the red-eye reduction feature . i usually turn it off as the delay between the " red-eye " flash and the main flash is too long . the subjects often think the shot is over and start to move . anyway it is easy enough to remove it later , either with photo-software or with the photo kisok in the drug store 
camera pos 805.txt i did a lot of research before buying the pv-gs250. now that i have the camera in my hands i know i made a great choice . great image quality . great build quality . the low light problems you read about are not really a big deal . in a noramlly lit room everything is fine . 
music neg 140.txt i 've always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc 's , plus that " very best of " cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one...zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they 're putting in sheryl 's coffee . some reviewers are saying there 's " heart and soul " all over this album ? that may be , but it 's also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n't see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 's style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very " modern " graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it 's time for a new " very best of " collection ) 
music neg 786.txt for those who were fortunate enough to aquire one of the first two releases of the thief soundtrack ( like myself ) congratulations - you have the version of the cd that contains the best song on the soundtrack , beach scene . it has been dropped for this us release . for those who were interested in obtaining the thief soundtrack being mainly interested in the one song , beach scene ( most of the other songs can be found on other tangerine dream albums ) , please realise the following differences between beach theme and the now dropped , beach scene . the song , beach theme is a much shorter track ( almost by half ) and there is a very cheesy , acoustic , " rock n ' roll " , drum beat that was mixed / dubbed over the original beach scene song which has the much more mellow and less invasive electronic , sequenced drum beat in it . it 's beach scene that was both heard in the movie and over the airwaves back in 1981. if that is the song you remember ( fell in love with ) and are looking for , do not buy this latest release . keep looking for those out of print cds - they are out there . on a lighter " note " , it 's very nice to see they added the ending / end-credits song , confrontation . this is a lose / win scenario for thief soundtrack fans - it all depends on which song is more important to you . if you already have the earlier releases with beach scene on it then buying this latest version will now complete a defninitve soundtrack for them as that last song in the movie has now finally been added to the official soundtrack 
camera neg 431.txt if you lose this cord just get a flash card reader . it 's cheaper and more practical 
music pos 35.txt i was a music director at a college radio station when this came out , and along with a ton of other albums this one commanded my attention . shoegazers ? ? ? i am sure all the label slinging yahoos are still wiping the egg off their faces . its as if the band heard they were pigeonholed and gave them all the big finger . just buy it...and all the rest 
music pos 85.txt well , here we are . one of the true works of the electronic genre in the 90 's , " lifeforms " is true sonic adventure . this is obviously some of the best work that fsol ever did . " lifeforms " is a double album of electronic and ambient moments spliced together , interchanged and meshed . for ambient work , it has a lot of randomness and bright detail thrown in at a rapid pace . there is a lot of energy and terse grab to the songs , despite their being ambient . it is very original , i praise originality in music . give it a try , put on some " flower " " bird wings " or some " elaborate burn . 
camera pos 388.txt i 'm a former 35mm photographer who 's a little older and not as spry as i once was and i eventually got out of the habit of lugging a case of equipment everywhere i went . i got re-energized in photography with digital but a small compact point and shoot left me wanting more . digital slr 's are pricey and as a friend pointed out i 'd be back to lugging a case of equipment around me with her . she recommended this model and the more i looked at it the more i liked it . it is a fixed lens model , but with a 12:1 optical zoom what other lenses would really need . it start up fast , zooms and focuses internally so there is no moving barrel to have to hold on to . it has just about every feature an advanced amateur could want . it does macro . and it has an optical stablization system that works as advertised . so far i have n't come across anything that it ca n't do . this is a nice unit for an advanced amateur or even semi-pro who does n't want to go full digital slr yet . 
camera neg 929.txt careful , this cable may work " for most digital cameras , " but it does not work with canon digital camera 
camera pos 902.txt like others i have compared it in a scuba diving trip to the kodak max sport and this one had a few advantages : 1. film winded at greater depth . 2. the pictures came out clearer - not grainy and with better colors . do n't expect too much of it at depths below 8 meters since light wo n't be enough ( i used it on a bright summer day in the red sea ) . even at shallower depths colors turn blue / green without use of flash . i have taken it down to depth of 35 meters and the camera was fine , but would n't take pictures at depths below 20 meters . the pictures i took at shallow depth came out excellent 
camera neg 264.txt so i saw that this product got 5 stars , so i ordered it......when i got it , its like " um.. . is that it ? ? ? " it 's really cute , and really well made , but it has no where to hold my usb cord or memory cards.. . also , there is no hp embroidered in the front like the picture has it , also , the strap that i got is really cracked and does not look good at all.. . other than that , it 's cute , but not the best out there . 
music pos 275.txt this is mood making , sexy , great music . neal adds a slight rock edge to some beautiful and familiar melodies . this album is great for background music ( we play it in our store ) , party music or just for listing . one of the best guitar players of all time ' sings ' with his instrument . buy it now 
music neg 496.txt if you 're looking for billie in her prime , look elsewhere . all the music on this cd was recorded between ' 45 and ' 47 after she had lost her voice . look for the classic recording of strange fruit from ' 39 on one of the other cds available . 
music neg 594.txt ok......avoid this at all costs not worth your money ! ! ! ! as luck would have it i found it a a garage sale . the only track whorth listening to is track 12 which is vivi 's theme from ff9. the others well....they could have done better . most of the songs are to put it nicely......suck ( at least the way they where done ) . the only reason i rated 2 ( 1 1 / 2 to be accualy ) is because of vivi 's theme at the end . this is not whorth your time . get the imported cd 's they have much better music on them 
music neg 157.txt sarah brightman is one of my all time favorite artists . but this disc is just a complete waste . it is missing so much , and has too many songs that do n't belong . like the phantom songs . as much as i love them , save them for the andrew llyod webber collections . ca n't we have a nice singles collection with just her solo works starting from " dive " ? her " classics " album had it right . except their version of " captain nemo " was the rip off live version . and this cd does n't even have the captain nemo song , which is a huge fan favorite , and definitly was a single . it is also missing how can heaven love me , eden , harem , and beautiful . all singles as well . save your money . either buy the " classics " album for a somewhat better compilation , or just make your own mix like i did . because sarah has so many wonderful songs ( and quite a few bad ones i will admit ) and it seems on here they give you some bad ones ( like requium and nella fantasia ) , and leave out the good ones . " it 's a beautiful day " and " what you never know " are good , but are the weakest songs form harem . why on earth would you leave out " harem " and " beautiful " , but leave on beautiful day and wynk ? whoever put this set list together must have not put much thought into it and is just trying to cash in . i bet sarah did n't have much say in this compilation . this is just a waste . beautiful album cover though 
books pos 537.txt i 'm not a huge fan of this genre of music , but as a very part-time musician , this book was recommended by a fellow friend and musician . i liked this book alot and found it education and entertaining , even if the subject matter was not of immense interest . this is definitely not the fault of the author , who did a fine job of making this subject engaging . thus , i found the read illuminating to no small degree . i learned alot about the roots of punk , how it spread and rose , and the end of it . by correctly defining the terms of the book " the indie years " , we only see what happens to the bands in their formative years . once they sign with a major label , their story is ended . this was both a good idea and frustrating one , as we see the birth and growth of bands , but not what happens to them ( in most cases ) once they hit a major label . frequently , signing with a major label creates / expands both the zeniths and nadirs for a band and i would have liked to have known what happened from there . regardless , this book is well-written and a great read for any person who likes the bands included in the book . 
music pos 631.txt yeah , johnny must 've been drinking heavily during this recording . it 's evident in his slurred lyrics...it 's raining is the song where he sounds totally wasted , although you can get the sense that he is infact quite happy and very relaxed . but all this inebriation actually adds to the authenticity of this c.d.- -- - johnny winter really becomes the archetypal bluesman on this c.d. his guitar work is quite sparse , no long solos on this one but , nevertheless , the feel on this album is wonderful . i have to say this also..johnny must 've been very , very brave to release this album back in 1977. that was a very bad year for the blues , appalling infact...disco music was king . alot of bluesmen , like johnny guitar watson etc were opting for the commercialism of the disco dance floor . johnny might 've thought of releasing a commercial type rock album , like edgar was doing . instead he chose to stay faithful to the blues and i have to admire the determination and resolve of johnny winter . very few would 've stayed faithful to the blues . the last track with muddy waters ..walking thru the park...captures johnny in his element . he was so happy back then and it filters over into the song itself . i remember seeing them both do this song live at the capitol radio festival , alexander palace , london / england in july 1977. never again to be repeated , sadly 
camera neg 783.txt this scope is not a good starter scope for anyone interested in astronomy . here 's why : 1. the objective is too small , only 60 mm , 2.36 inches , so it is too small to bring in the light necessary for even a beginning look at the universe . i suppose it is adequate for the moon , but that is it . the planets will appear as very small disks . one will be able to see saturn 's rings , but the image will be very small . forget it for deep sky objects , clusters , galaxies , etc. 2. the mount is an altazimuth , which will not follow the celestial object in the sky . the earth is rotating , and anyone focusing on a star or moon will quickly find the object drifting out of the field of vision . a better mount is an equatorial mount which makes it much easier to track objects . 3. the 4mm eyepiece is too powerful for this scope . the observer will find it hard to look through ( very small eye opening ) , and will in most cases cause blurred images . the 20 mm eyepiece is the only functional eyepiece . the barlow is a 3x , which again is too poweerful for this scope . 4. the mount will vibrate when touched , which will cause the image in the eyepiece to " shiver " , which is very frustrating . even for the low price , do n't be enticed by this scope ; it has too many flaws . save your money for a larger scope with a better mount . jim " konedog " koenig , astronomy buf 
camera pos 537.txt this is the only tripod that i have ever owned , however , i do agree that it seems to be a very nice piece of equipment , especially for the very low price . it suits my needs well for a small digital camera . the only downside is that it does not come with a carry bag . this was an oversight on my part when i ordered , and i 'm sure i would have to pay just as much as i did for the tripod to get a bag for it , so i will live with it as is 
camera pos 351.txt this filter is an excellent cost efficient way to protect your valuable lenses . 
camera pos 109.txt i 've bought several lenses from adorama , two of which include a new 300 / 2.8 is and the other , this 500 / 4 is . all of their deliveries were prompt and well packed . i have zero complaints with them . i dealt the john ( green , i think is his last name ) via email . i highly recommend them . as for this lens , it is incredible . wide open it creates a wickedly sharp subject against a wonderfully soft background ( good bokeh ) . af is very fast . this lens is extremely good and will still af when used with the 1.4x converter . ( af works up to f5.6. 
camera pos 106.txt i bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it , or have already bought it- -it 's size . it is amazingly small , it 's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera . i take it with me everywhere , literally , it is so small that i am able to keep it in my pocket , and i do n't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable . there is also a small covering for the lens , so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched . the picture quality surprised me , when i first saw this camera i saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good- -but i was wrong ! the picture quality of this camera is outstanding ( taking its ' size and price into consideration ) . however , i do have a few things to complain about.. . first off , the battery . this camera uses a lithium battery , i find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient ; because what if you are on vacation , where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station- -there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there . not only is it inconvenient , but also the battery life span is short . the longest i 've had it work was about 1 hour and 45 minutes . this is n't uncommon in cameras , though , just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries , you should be fine . another problem i had with this camera was the zoom function . such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong ! very wrong . the zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet . even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little , resulting in a noisy start-up . the flash is very weak . really dissapointing . if you are inside , you ca n't be any farther away then 10 feet in a lit room . the last problem i found with this camera was the macro function . the auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject . to make matters work , there is no manual override to overcome this problem . the focus is great , though , if you are not taking a macro shot . these are all the flaws i found in the camera , it 's not my first choice in cameras , i have come across many other beginner cameras that i prefer over this camera , but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size . if you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times , then this is a great camera choice . 
music pos 36.txt wow ! what a great collection of great classic songs ! we highly recommend this to anyone with any age kids who want to have fun and have fun without the tv ! hokey pokey baby...that 's what it 's all about 
music neg 54.txt this one is for you . but honestly now , the guy does n't write- -beautiful voice- -but songwriting is a major appeal . so guess a solo garfunkel is a lot like a step above justin timberlake . ok , there are definitely highlihgts like a heart in newyork , ( what a ) wonderful world , but generally this a very casual compilation , good for a couple listens . in general , art garfunkel is n't really good for more than that . check out him witht paul simon , that is amazing stuff , but this is kinda boring . i might have a bit more respect if he wrote the songs- -but even though there are good songwriters writing for him , the songs are still sub-par 
camera pos 35.txt very happy with the lens , and the price is definately right for an amateur like myself 
music neg 586.txt if this had been the first album in the " hip-hop hits " series , it would not be a promising start . there are a few decent tunes on here , but as someone who admired the quality of the earlier source albums , i must express an intense dislike for " hip hop hits vol.8 " . there used to be a time when the source gathered the biggest and best tracks from the rap indusrty for their compilations , now benzino has turned the series into a shameless promotion for his own favorites ( how else do you explain ja rule being here ? ) . here is a song-by-song analysis of this disaster : ( 1 ) youngbloodz feat . lil jon " damn " c- . this song is perfect example of why people are getting bored with " sothern crunk " . it 's lame and boring , as it shows lil jon becoming a one-trick pony . not a good song to open an album with . ( 2 ) wyclef " the industry " b . wyclef is very talented , but this song was never a hit . it should be heard for its quality though , even if it only touchs topics breifly . it is clear that wyclef is above most of his peers in everyway ; sorta like 2pac . ( 3 ) chingy " right thurr " b+. not my favorite rap song , its better than average though , it kinda grows on you . he reminds me of juvenile . it 's content is not original , but chingy makes it his own with a relaxed flow and style . ( 4 ) young gunz " ca n't stop , wo n't stop " c . if this standard work is what roca-a-fella has in it 's post-jay-z future , the label is going to be in real trouble . they 're good , but they have to be better than good to stand on their own . ( 5 ) westside connection feat . nate dogg " gangsta nation " b+. it was nice to see westside together again . the style and talent cover up for the somewhat standard material . at the bare minimum , the song is stylistic and very enjoyable . ( 6 ) ja-rule " clap back " d . this anti-eminem dis is just border line pathetic and lame . any eminem song is a bigger hit and better than ja rule 's weak new stuff . if ja rule wants to return to his position " pain is love " brought him to , he must work much harder . ( 7 ) kanye west " through the wire " c . kanye west has enjoyed chart success through alot of hype , but i find this song to be very pedestrian for rap . the lyrics do n't define kanye as an original rapper , and the use chaka kahn 's " through the fire " does n't make a very appealing beat . ( 8 ) gang starr " skills " c . the group is n't that good to begin with , and this song has none of the fun that " militia " had . gang starr has a decent , hardcore sound that needs to be refined in order to define themselves . ( 9 ) j-kwon " tipsy " b- .this song is fun to listen to , but that still does not make it any better than average . it 's not really about anything and gets kinda tiresome towards the end ; you may be looking at your watch . he 's too overpraised . ( 10 ) e-40 feat . clipse " quarterbackin " c+. the track is enjoyable but was never that popular and is pretty forgetable . e-40 and clipse just are n't that talented . it almost feels as if it was made strictly for the " madden football " video games " . ( 11 ) fabolous feat . tamia " into you " a . just great , hip hop with style and substance . it 's so nice to hear a gentler , more positive hip-hop songs ; one that does n't hammer the listener , but brings out emotions lightly . he is one of the best rappers of 2003 ; with both his album and it 's singles . ( 12 ) t.i. " be easy " c- . he has been compared to jay-z and nelly ; despite the difference that he lacks the talent those artists have . plain , boring , generic rap from an artist who ofers nothing new to the game ; no more needs to be said . one must also wonder why this was chosen over his bigger ( not exactly better though ) hits " rubber band man " and " let 's get away " . ( 13 ) cassidy feat . r . kelly " hotel " b- . a sorta fun track , r . kelly does as much as possible , but he even he ca n't make cassidy sound original . to be honest , this was a huge top 10 hit though ; so it kinda does belong here . ( 14 ) ying yang twins feat . lil ' jon & the east side boyz " salt shaker " b+. surprisingly , the beat and production make this song rather entertaining . it 's much more fun than it has the right to be ; given the non-spectacular artists involved . ( 15 ) scarface " recognize " c- . scarface used to be an exceptional rapper , but now he 's trying to regain glory that is no longer his . why listen to this , when you could just buy his older albums ? ( 16 ) the untouchables featuring benzino " relationship with me & my gun " c- .just a standard benzino track tacked on for shameless self-promotion . i would n't mind so much if the songt had actually been worth listening to . atleast " bang ta dis " on " vol.5 " was a good song . bottom line : *1 / 2. benzino has ruined the once great source series in the blink of an eye . if you want to hear a great source album , buy " hip hop hits vol.4 " ; a source album with the biggest and best raps of 2000. a few good tracks are not enough to balance out all the mediocre ones . to put it in short terms : with so many good compilations out there , why spend money on a bad one ? i would not buy this album with a gift card . 
music pos 439.txt i 've always been a terri clark fan but this is the first cd i 've purchased by her . i was surprised at how much i really enjoyed this cd ! terri has an amazing voice and the songs kept me listening to the cd over and over again 
music pos 352.txt i am very satisfied with the 1999 cd by prince . it was in top condition when it arrived . i would purchase again from the seller . thank 
music neg 265.txt i got this album because obie trice did some great stuff on the 8 mile soundtrack , so i figured i 'd check out what else he 'd done . this album just does n't live up to that . 
camera pos 904.txt goo 
music neg 630.txt i remember buying a record by dna when it first came out...and i was really surprised later when arto lindsay and the ambitious lovers were able to turn this mess into great music . this is very unprofessiona 
music pos 159.txt gun 's & roses came out in the nick of time . record companies were mass producing cookie cutter bands and they all sound the same . g&r made their debut on the music scene in 87 but did n't get big until almost late 88 early 89. appitite is a true masterpiece . welcome to the jungle , it 's so easy , mr. brownstone , my michelle....the list goes on and on . put it in turn it up to 10 and rock on ! the they made a mistake . they realeased an albums worth of great songs on 2 albums . so instead of another masterpiece they wound up with 2 ok albums . then they vanished . anyone who is a fan of the music but could n't care less about axl should pick up velvet revolver with slash and scott wieland from stone temple pilots 
camera neg 78.txt i have owned several canon digital cameras and like them very much . i purchased the a520 as a gift for a family member . after several months the lens cover problem that everyone writes about started happening . it would stick paritally open or closed or all the way open . the key word being stick or stuck . i took it to a canon service center and they repaired it under warranty . after trying to use it for the 1st time several weeks later the lens cover was stuck open and would not budge . i took it back to the service center and they repaired it again . while looking at the paperwork after the repair they stated courtesy repair only and not under warranty . it was under warranty and had 90 days from the date they did not repair it the first time . after emailing canon they said to just email them if i have a problem and they would see what they could do . very poor . i like canon digital cameras but wish i had never purchased the a520. i bought it because of it 's low price , which was a big mistake 
camera neg 361.txt i have had several people take my pictures.at first , everything is fine.the pictures are ok.the next day , my face looks like a pile of baby vomit.it is soooo blury.then it got 2 the point where every picture i took was blury.i tried fixing it online ( like on the program for the camera ) and it would not work.i hate this camera ! ! ! not to mention the battery sucks.it lasts maybe 3 1 / 2 hours.this camera should be $99.00.trust me people......if i could rate this thing at a zero i would.it is not worth it.however , a camera i absolutely love is the sony cybershot dsct5.an awesome little camera 
music neg 691.txt these covers are pretty bad . some good ones have been done , cameron mcgill @ the uncommon ground tribute , big sir 's everybody here wants you is good , but this is bad , no matter what entertainment weekly 's review might say . avoid , buy a real jeff or tim album 
dvd neg 3.txt i suppose it 's alright if you like overlong musicals focusing on maniacal , manipulative mothers 
music pos 746.txt martina mcbride 's " emotion " album contains many pop country elements , but is still nonetheless a great album . here 's how i rate each song . ( out of a 5 star scale ) 1 ) do what you do - good song , but takes a little to get used to . ( 4 stars ) 2 ) anything 's better than feeling the blues - good songs , good lyrics . ( 4 stars ) 3 ) i love you - great song , martina 's most successful song on the country charts , spending 5 weeks in the top spot . ( 5 stars ) 4 ) make me believe - great song about whether one 's love is true or not... . i love the lyric " but it 's hard to start a fire without a spark ( 5 stars ) 5 ) love 's the only house - this song will draw a strong connection to your heart . the song is spectacular and speaks the truth.. . love is truly the only house big enough for all the world 's pain . the video to this song is very touching as well . go martina ! ( 5 stars ) 6 ) there you are - a perfect wedding song.. . she hold the " are " note for at least 12+ seconds near the end . ( 5 stars ) if you hear this song live , she holds the note 15 seconds ! ! ! ! ( so live this song will be 6 stars / 5 stars ! ! ! ! ) 7 ) it 's my time - the first song that i ever heard martina perform live in the ama awards.. . she rocked the house down with this song.. . she also holds a 10 second note at this song . love that range of hers . ( 5 stars ) 8 ) i ai n't goin ' nowhere - i like this song and its message about being there for a significant other . ( 5 stars ) 9 ) anything and everything - the lyrics and martina 's gentle vocal performance on this song are perfection . ( 5 stars ) 10 ) from the ashes - another standout song on this album . she holds some high notes in this one too . ( 5 stars ) 11 ) goodbye - a solid performance , i llike how martina goes lower and softer in some parts of the song . ( 4 stars ) 12 ) this uncivil war - the best song on the album ! ! ! ! amazing ! ! ! ! written by gretchen , the writer of martina 's career hit " indepedence day . " a very emotional song , which defines the title of the album . the ending is a real treat as well . ( 6 stars ! ) this album is definitely worth purchasing ! ! ! it helps complete my collection of martina 's albums 
dvd pos 857.txt if you 're looking to hear robert johnson 's songs , you should probably buy one of the awesome collections availible . as this legend and musical genius has now been dead for 65 years , i 'm not sure what the other reviewers were looking for besides other people covering his songs , and talk about his life.. . that 's all we have now . and of course the covers do not outdo him ; that would be impossible . but there is some very thoughtful discussion on the life of robert johnson and the world he lived in . the discussion with a former classmate is touching , and the covers of his songs by those who knew him ( robert lockwood jr. , honeyboy edwards ) and by some of the new delta-blues talent such as guy davis , roy rogers and especially alvin youngblood heart blew me away . gov't mule and sonny landreth do some awesome electric renditions of his work . the major let downs are the cuts into interviews and pointless displays of the rock n ' roll hall of fame gathering , and also bob weir 's performance , which is just plain bad . all in all , it is a good film , and it 's nice to actually be able to watch people play his music , as we will never be able to see the real thing 
camera neg 384.txt i 'm going to be completely honest with you . i hated the hp camera 's because 1. does not take great pictures at night 2. digital zoom is not great either 3. blur 's out if you do not stand still taking the picture . i 've had an old hp camera and i have had this newer hp camera and they are all the same . it doesnt seem like it really matters what mp they are . still bur 's out and it is disappointing . i guess it really depends on the person about this camera but i 'd rather have a sony , samsung , or some other company 's item . = 
camera neg 86.txt the frame and the pictures it displays are fine . sometimes it is a little hard to get it to download photos from my pc . my major complaint is the power supply . the original power supply dies after 4 months . it was repalced under warranty ( after some grief with customer service ) . the raplacement died some months later after the warranty had expired . i then had to buy one . that one died after a few months and the company did n't have the replacement in stock . after months of waiting from them to stock the item i gave up and after lots of searching on the web i found a supply made by another compay . i had to change the connector to make it match the connector on the frame . it 's been doing fine since then . i should note that my daughter has the same frame and has had almost identical problems . it looks like there are a lot more of these types of frames on the market now . i would do a lot of shopping before buying this one 
music neg 350.txt i got this cd because i loved their radio hits " bring me to life " and " my immortal . " while those songs are beautiful , they are not representative of the rest of the album . although i tried and tried to get into this cd , the hard rock teen goth style just is n't my cup of tea , and the lyrics are too depressing . if you are a fan of bands such as linkin park or seether , you might enjoy this . however , if you only like " my immortal " and " bring me to life " because of amy 's powerful vocals , you 'd be better off listening to tori amos or sarah mclachlan . 
music pos 902.txt the bloodshot gang knows how to have a good time ! if you 're into the whole alt.country thing , you know that some of it is very sincere and serious ( ie , uncle tupelo , jayhawks ) . now i love " no depression , " and " blue earth , " but this is an altogether different quadrant of alternative country known as militant honky tonk , or just insurgent country . truth be told , this incredible anniversary compilation does have some poignant , serious numbers ( rico bell 's " money to burn , " the texas rubies ' " blue diamond mine , " mike ireland 's " i 'd like to " ) , but for the most part these maniacs are not taking themselves or the world that seriously . you 've got andre williams and sally timms singing " i 'll stick to you like glue.. . " , in mock romantic seriousness with background singers going " g-l-e-u , glue ! " you 've got a song with a man and a woman serenading each other saying with deep country feeling how much they miss each other 's bodies . you 've got kim docter and moonshine willy belting out " turn the lights down low , " which really ought to be a hit it 's so catchy . and you 've got some great deadpan covers - - the waco brothers do a country rave-up of the who 's baba o'riley , " red star belgrade does it to ac / dc 's " highway to hell , " and best of all , the unholy trio turns public enemy 's " bring the noise " into an understated redneck anthem . i 'm only scratching the surface here , with 40 tracks over 2 discs . this is a great introduction to the rowdier side of that sprawling beast that has not a name that can be agreed on.. . and do n't miss the fantastic earlier bloodshot compilation , hell-bent ( insurgent country , volume ii ) - - see my 9 / 5 / 04 review 
music neg 8.txt there are 2 really good songs on here . the first is " untitled , " which sounds like gibbard was listening to a lot of brian wilson at the time he wrote it . the percussion sounds like it could have been on pet sounds . " underwater " is a pretty good song...but the real jewel on the album is " send packing . " it really is a beautiful , well-written song . the rest of the album sounds kind of thrown together and most of the songs would have been much better if they had been recorded with real instruments . basically , the novelty of the kid instrument thing wears off really quickly . all in all , i would n't spend 10 bucks on it , but a couple tracks are pretty good 
music pos 386.txt this remasted disc is nice with the bonus tracks and spiffed up sound , but the only way top hear aoxomoxoa is to find a original w7 ( warner brothers-seven arts ) green label vinyl pressing . the cd features the 1971 remix ( like the 1989 cd ) in which 1 / 3 of the backing has been stripped like constanten 's prepared backrounds on " what 's become of the baby " , the extra drums and barbershop vocal on " doin that rag " . st stephen lost something in the remix as well . anthem was remixed as well in 1972 but the band was wise to issue the 1968 mix on cd . no hidden goodies on this disc , but the bonus tracks are great 
music neg 413.txt hey ! never liked ja fool ! he is and will always be over ! where is he ? ? ? ? ? ? ? like i care ! any way ! ! ! ! 50 has sold 16 million+ cd 's and ja fool had the nerve to say 50 do n't sell ! ! ha ! ! ! ! ! ! ja fool ! ! ! greatest hits ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! nuff said ! over ja fool rule ! ! 
music neg 353.txt i love ray charles when ray 's doing ray . this was terrible . ray was out of tune , out of touch and the song selection was ridiculous . i 'm sorry ray , i love you . it 's a shame this had to be one of your last cd 's 
music pos 535.txt this truly is a masterpiece of pop music . there is not a wasted moment . the songs all blend together majestically one after the other . you really must listen from beginning to end to get the full effect . i agree with the reviewer that stated that ' do n't look back ' is one of the best songs i have ever heard . i told a colleague that my heart melts when it plays . i do n't mean to be gushing but this album stands apart . i had to put it away for awhile because it is somewhat addictive . 
camera pos 134.txt i searched and researched the lens to purchase with my canon rebel xti for weeks because i knew that i did not want the kit lens . i also did not have the money to spend on a 5 , 6 , or $700 dollar lens . in the end after reading countless reviews , ones implementing professional techniques and ones using just opinion , this lens looked to be the best value . for the money i really do n't think that you can beat this lens . it focuses quickly , it is really quiet while doing it , and it is sharp enough for the money . plus it has full time manual focus , which is a really big plus for a lens in this price range . the only problem is it is a little on the narrow side with the 1.6 crop factor on the rebel xti , but i would much rather have to deal with that than a sub-par image . in summary i would recommend this lens in place of the kit lens to anyone who does n't have the money to buy an " l " series lens . it is really a great value 
camera pos 342.txt i bought one of these for my canon sd-800 and can recommend it . for many years now , i 've carried canon pocket cameras on my belt while traveling and the canon-branded cases are simply the best for this purpose . my only criticism of the canon cases has been their lack of a small pocket for media . i was hoping that with the tiny size of sd cards canon would have added such a pocket to their newer cases , but they haven't . on the plus side , the case retains the superior leather construction , uses a neat magnetic tie down for the flap instead of velcro or a snap , and has a belt loop that is tight enough to hold the camera comfortably against your body . the package also includes a nice looking leather replacement strap for your camera . incidentally , the sd-800 is well matched to the case , fitting quite securely 
camera neg 32.txt i do video work and was attracted to the sale price and extra height of this particular tripod . come to find out , this model does not have a fluid head , meaning , if you do any panning with a camcorder , it wo n't be as smooth as you 'd probably like it to be . also , at the end of a pan the head tends to " unwind , " causing your panned image to back up a little ways . thus , i think it 's rather misleading to label this as a " photo / video " tripod . additionally , i do n't really care for the cheap feel of some of the plastic knobs and adjusters . finally , mine came with a few , very minor cosmetic blemishes , almost as if it were used . instead of video , i 'll be utilizing this one as a microphone mount . if you want to do video , please buy a tripod with a fluid head . you 'll love it , i guarantee that . that 's why i give this one 2 stars 
music neg 101.txt after carefully researching as many rain recordings as possible on amazon and reading all reviews i had hoped i had made a good choice with this cd . unfortunately i discovered that not only is the recording looped about every 60 seconds but there is an unmistakable low frequency rumble that is very apparent listening though my 5.1 system and my bose tri-port headphones . as a recording engineer i recognize this to most likely be a truck or car passing by and passing the sound up through the microphone stands that were obviously not de-coupled from the ground . the bottom line is i hear this rumble each and everytime i start to relax and it renders the cd completely useless to me . the recording is otherwise a good one and the stereo image presented seems authentic . since nobody else has complained of this rumble , i will assume that it will only bother someone with a trained ear 
camera pos 7.txt i recently bought this lens amid trepidation that the 85mm focal length would overwhelm the x1.6 crop factor of my digital rebel xl . my worries were needless : just a step or two back from the subject plus some getting used to the telephoto perspective were enough to turn this lens into the most effective portrait lens that i have . when attached to my eos elan 7n film camera , however , the lens really truly comes into its own , as the full frame 35mm slr delivers the entire focal range of this lens . the focused image is incredibly crisp compared to any other non-l grade lens . and i agree that this lens deserves the red ring of courage around it , like the l lenses have . this glass is absolutely essential in a very short list of affordable lenses , and should give many of the non-affordable ones a run for their money . solidly built too , with an old-fashioned no-nonsense look to it . i highly recommend it 
music pos 859.txt if you really into french baroque that is..... . 
music pos 414.txt marias and srayle , if you like the guaraldi original then keep it and chuck the winston , personally , i think the winston performance is refreshing and a delightful ' twist ' on guaraldi 's works . the piano is brillaint sounding and at volume , thru a good system sounds like there 's a piano in the room . it should be emphatically understood , you are buying winston in this case , and not guaraldi . i have both versions 
camera pos 899.txt the remote control works well with the olympus digital camera . it was delivered on time and without any problems . 
camera pos 967.txt i enjoy all the features of this item . the main compartment that hold the camera is soft and secure . you can open it without worrying about your camera falling off . the back compartment is roomy enough for all the basic gear . the slot for memory cards 1-4 ( depends on the card type ) , batteries ( roomy for four aa ) , and cables can fit in it . the shoulder strap is basic and looks flimsy . it 's not long enough to hold comfortable diagonally but on the side is good . the belt loop is very secure and can fit on belt three inch in width . it can even handle the worst environment ever . hot , dry climate with sandstorms and occasional accidental drops . it has protected my dig . camera very well 
camera pos 828.txt i purchased this prior to the birth of my son , and it 's doing the job perfectly . i do n't have a 2.4ghz phone at home so i ca n't say how it would 've affected its performance , but video and sound are very clear at a remote location . i 'm happy with the product and highly recommend it 
dvd neg 770.txt standard disclaimer : i love dream theater . however , this dvd is almost unbearable to watch due to all of the video effects that obscure the live performance . did n't i buy a dvd of dream theater live so that i could see them play ? ? at times , several minutes pass without showing the musicians as they 're playing . video effects such as swirling colors , images of the artists upside down ( ? ! ? ) , and black and white re-enactments make the whole affair feel like someone was trying to create their first music video for mtv in 1984. or maybe trying to induce an epileptic seizure in the viewer ? ? dream theater would get a rating of 1000 , but i 'd give this dvd a 0 if i could . just goes to show what poor editing gets you 
music neg 658.txt like so many new-age artists , ryan farish has a great ear for melodies . unlike most new-age artists , ryan farish has rhythmic problems . he likes to use the delay effect on his piano , but either it is not sycronized with the tempo of the song or he is simply being too sloppy with his playing ( sometimes it 's one problem and sometimes it 's both ) . i do n't know how he let those takes make it on to the final album . also , the massively loud reverse cymbal sounds are way overused and make the entire album very abrasive very quickly 
music neg 805.txt well seeing all the reviews on here and being a former fan of sugar ray along with being bored to death at work i 've decided to write my own review . i believe sugar ray had something special with the first two albums as well but as time went by they have gradually gone from ultra-hip , i just wanna drink beer and cause trouble types , to oh so sappy songs about love and how heart break sucks , nothing that has n't been told a thousand times over . when i first hearsd sugar ray back in 97 i thought their sound was revolutionary , i bought floored and liked all the tracks and soon found myself buying the first album , then the third , fourth , and fifth albums came out , the third one was alright i bought it for the songs that were n't radio friendly such as glory , personal space invader , and burning dog ; and with the release of their fourth album i bought it as well , hoping that they would get back on formula ; yes as you might of guessed i was delusional ; their music had seemed to had gotten worse as predicted.....now with the release of their fifth album , they had already lost me as a fan so therefore , i give all three of the most recent albums of theirs a 1 / 5 stars for lack of originality 
camera pos 868.txt though being a nikonist for years and knowing the possibilities of that camera i could never imagine the results and performance of this item , easy to handle , incredible small for the capacity and giving the same options to get the same quality of pictures than the d80.i have both 
camera pos 653.txt i bought this camera to replace my 35 almost a couple years back . i am an avid nature photographer so most of my work is taken in the outdoors . after hundreds of pictures and all kinds of weather here 's the lowdown.. . pros ... picture quality is amazing even after zooming the full 10x ( i never go into digital zoom because of low quality of pictures , although this camera is n't too bad after complete full optical and digital zoom ) . prints that i 've made up to 16x20 " ( have n't gone larger , but i know i can ) are extremely impressive and are as crisp as viewing a 4x6. it is easy to use and the functions are easy to get to with the use of the joystick . the stabilization at full 10x zoom is incredible also . it appears really shaky through the window , but pictures continue to turn out crisp . close-ups are clear and reveal amazingly clear details . the movie feature works better indoors than the regular camera portion ( read cons ) . cons ... indoor shooting is limited because the flash is n't strong enough . when at a school chorus concert , the pictures turned out fuzzy and unclear . award ceremonies , the pictures turned out once again unusable in my standards . the zoom is fixed when using the movie feature so you need to have the zoom set before beginning a movie . this camera seems to eat batteries , especially in the winter months . i am always on the go , and when i go to pull out the camera i find the camera lens cover has fallen off yet again . it comes off way to easily causing smudges and smears on the lens so i must always have lens cleaner wipes on me . the viewing window cover has also come off and is lost in the woods somewhere , but that also is minor . most of the cons really are all minor things that do n't interfere with the amazing quality of the pictures as long as you are properly prepared for those minor issues . i tried to be as precise about this camera as possible . all in all , i would highly recommend this camera to the avid photographer . if you plan on using a camera on mostly indoor activities , just keep in mind for the flash to work good , keep your subjects close . it 's been bumped , jostled , and droped a couple of times and the camera still works like a gem 
camera pos 260.txt i love the bag for all the reasons others did not like it . the product is listed as a gadget bag and that is what it is good at . the s2 is is a large camera for a point and shoot and it fits in very few bags . this bag fit the camera easily and had space for all types of extras including batteries , chargers and extra media cards . there is also enough room for another small digital camera or a film point and shoot . the correct way to advertise this case would have been for up to two bodies or four small lens . given that limitation , this is a great bag . the bag is very well made and holds my canon powershot s2 is very securely . i lay the camera on it 's back and that means that even if i accidently power it on the lens opens harmlessly . the material is great and the waist belt is very practical . the strap is well padded and after a day of use i believe it is one of the most comfortable straps i have used . buy this bag for the correct camera and you will be very happy with it . 
music pos 354.txt loreena has a pure talent for weaving melody music and words together . her song the highwayman is absolutely astounding to be able to put the old poem into music melody and verse is quite amazing 
camera pos 167.txt this is the first slr camera that i have ever owned . i bought it because i was going on a trip around the world , wanted a nice camera , and had it recommended by a camera shop owner . it is extremely easy to use , so easy that i could hand the camera to someone in one of the countries i visited , point to the button they needed to push and i ended up with a great picture . i did n't need to explain a thing . i also did n't mind carrying it around all day , it is very light for its size . i have owned the camera for four years now and it still takes beautiful pictures . i have taken all sorts of pictures with this camera , from landscapes to action shots and they all turn out great . the action shots are never blurry ! the only complaint that i have is that the autofocus does not work well in low lighting , sometimes it is slow and sometimes it wo n't work at all . in these cases i just turn on the manual focus option . all the options that the camera has are great , but to be honest i rarely use them . i 've found that it is often easier to use manual focus than to adjust the camera so it will autofocus off center . if i know that i 'm going to be taking action shots or landscapes i will set the camera to that mode , but often i forget and my pictures still look great . i think that this is an excellent camera , especially for someone that is used to a point and shoot but wants the extra quality that a slr camera can give them . there are also many choices when it comes to additional lenses , so when the photography bug gets you , this camera can stay with you 
dvd neg 761.txt i 'm sorry , but this is honestly one of the worst movies i 've ever had the displeasure of witnessing . i purchased it after reading ambitious reviews that cited this movie was what mainstream horro should be . in reality , it 's nearly everything that 's wrong with low-budget films . first off , the camera work is horrible . secondly , i 've seen more convincing actors in elementary school plays . i mean , these actors make keanu reeves look like denzel washington . and finally , the story was absolutely horribly done . i admit , the premise itself had some promise- -but the way it was executed completely took away any interest factor i might have had . plain and simply , this film was unwatchable . i turned it off 65% through it . and i would 've turned it off earlier but i was hoping for some beacon of hope to appear on the screen . if you care at all about quality , in any sense , do not go near this piece of trash 
music neg 52.txt man , have i given this guy a chance . multiple chances . listened to the cds , saw the big hbo special . i mean , his career is red hot now . he clearly has lots of fans . mostly college age ( perhaps this should be a warning to some of you ) . all i can say is " maybe they 'll grow out of it . " he is not funny . his act has no bite , no point of view , no opinion / viewpoint at all . his comedy consists of spewing observations his audience can relate to ( the " this is all happened to us " or " has this ever happened to you ? " school of humor ) . he runs about manically , acting out every little word that comes out of his mouth ( for those in the audience that may not be so good with words ) . his fans acknowledge that , yes , they can relate . " yeah ! that 's happened to me ! " " i know that reference ! ' they laugh , cheer , clap , and plunk down their hard-earned dollars for his vanilla wit . he never actually comments on the things he discusses in any intelligent , interesting way . he has no edge . he 's not outraged by anything . he 's cute ' n ' cuddly . richard pryor must be rolling in his grave at the very fact that cook is classified as a stand up comic . " pryor ? the guy writing this must be old ! ' okay , try this on for size : chris rock is good comedy . same with dave chappelle . carlin . laura kightlinger . kinison . rodney dangerfield . bob saget . gilbert gottfried . dom irrera . lewis black . robert klein . the late mitch hedberg . jim norton . patton oswalt . brian posehn . degeneres . jon stewart . bob & david . the ucb . i 'm not even a big fan of sarah silverman , but at least she 's trying to bring something different to the party . anything but this ! god help us . let 's hope he goes the way of carrot top and dice soon ( do n't forget , cook fans , mr. top and mr. clay were once as popular as your boy here ) 
music neg 789.txt i was looking to get the dvd of dazed and confused but got the cd . when it was advertised on the amazon website it led me to believe that it was a dvd as you see it above . ( 1993 film ) i had to return it and my expense . very disappointing transaction with amazon . threfore , i am not impressed 
camera pos 726.txt combine the high iso , low noise and fast shutter speed for great blur free shots on low light and moving subjects . this is what only fuji can offer to you on compact camera class . the f31fd does n't have is ( image stabilized lenses or a ccd shift sensor ) , which other cameras use to reduce the effect of blur from camera shaking . but this kind of stabilization is really only useful for 6x or more zoom , for just 3x typical zoom on ultra compact p&s you just need to hold it firmly and will get the same results . is also ca n't prevent blur from moving subjects . with a high iso like on f31fd you can use faster shutter speeds that will freeze subjects and prevent blur from camera shaking too . fuji super ccd sensor provides the lowest noise on high iso you will find on 2007 's compact cameras , the quality is only comparable to the big dslr professional cameras . ah , and the face detection is not just a gimmick or marketing appeal.. . it 's really great , specially if someone who does n't know how to focus on the face then recompose the scene is taking pictures of you , with f31fd they will not miss the shot 
camera neg 24.txt description or product is wrong . there is no quad independent power / charging indicators . they are set up in banks of two . one light for two charging bays . batteries must be charged in banks of two . tried e-mailing vidpro for additional info on this charger . e-mail came back as undeliverable . cannot find any reviews on the internet for this charger 
dvd neg 472.txt this film starts with an event based on a true crime . a talk radio show host in denver was killed by an american nazi . ( this event inspired the " talk radio " play and film . ) this film continues with scenes from a small town in a farming region . no mention of their economic status ; are they losing dollars and population , small businesses , etc. instead we see a small group of white racists who abduct a black man to hunt and kill him ! this seems too exaggerated to believe . federal agents are aware of this but do n't want to act yet . their agent is sent back to get more information . there are groups like that in some sparsely settled areas . the film does n't explain what created them . it shows how some politicians try to use them for votes and contributions . no real names , of course . the federal agent meets to report to her higher ups . then we see terrorists prepare to hold up a bank to raise money for their activities ( based on real events ) . most bank robberies are done by ordinary criminals who are not part of any group . ( the fbi put an end to organized gangs that robbed banks in the 1940s . ) this federal agency does n't interfere because they want more information on their aims ( and their leaders ) . more terrorism is planned : dynamiting a courthouse , attacking a power station , etc. the terrorist plots here would keep this small group busy 24 hours a day ! kathy finds a secret list of " friends " . this is quickly copied with a camera . the federal agents need to know who this group will target so they can arrest them . gary meets with the leader ( who arrives in a helicopter ! ) and shows documents that say kathy is a special investigator . is kathy being served up as a sacrifice ? gary and kathy travel to chicago , where an assassination is planned that will make gary the fall guy . ( another lee harvey oswald ? ) a second " lone gunman " shoots the politician in front of a building . gary fails to shoot , and wo n't ever try this again . costa-gavras gained world fame with his 1969 film " z " . a few years later his film about rebels in south america was popular . his later films have seemed mediocre . a better story might not have tried to cover so many details and plots as this film does ; better pacing could help . the threat from domestic terrorism still needs a good film ( e.g. , timothy mcveigh ) . those who gave this film a high rating must love the images more than the facts . a better film today would show the bad results from " nafta " and " free trade " in harming most americans economically . but hollywood would never allow a film about this " war on the middle class " . the word ` nafta ' in greek and arabic refers to ` petroleum' . nafta is a symbol for the policies designed for big oil . it is like george w . bush calling his policy " operation iraqi liberation " . 
music neg 147.txt ..and what 's the point ? all of these songs ( minus a few ) are on the anthology , along with countless others . the beastie boys did n't put this out , their record label did . it 's just way for corporate to make money . if you consider yourself a real beastie boys fan , that is you 're interested in all the other music they made that was n't put on radio , then do n't buy this . if you occasionally heard them on the radio and fight for your right is your favorite song , then go ahead . the beastie boys are much more than just their greatest hits . to fully appreciate them , you have to listen to an album all the way through . 
music neg 214.txt after hearing " i 'm n luv ( wit a stripper ) " i do n't know why anyone would want to buy and listen to this cd in its entirety . i 'm not going to type a bunch of long paragraphs about why this cd sucks . this cd is a waste and t-pain is illiterate . there ! i said it in one sentence . holllaaa 
camera neg 504.txt this is the worst camera i have ever owned in my life . i had a fuji 1.3 mega pixle camera that took better pictures than this one ! i have taken this camera on 2 vacations now , and both times i brought along my olympus slr film camera , and both times , the olympus pictures are clearer , brighter and all but maybe 1 will work , with this stupid sony cybershot , i end up deleting 3 / 4 of the pictures because they are blury or have all kinds of funny things happening , the only pictures that do work with this camera is during the day time , or in bright lighting . on the first vacation i went on with this camera , my friend brought along her kodak 1 megapixel camera she got free and it turned out better pictures , as did my olympus , on the second vacation i returned from today as i write this , i just downloaded my pictures , and deleted 2 / 3 's of them because they are so bad , the ones that came off my film camera are perfect ! my sister also has the exact same camera which she brought with her , and as i went through her pictures , same thing over 2 / 3 's of them did n't work , i would have just assumed i 'd gotten a defective camera if it was only my sony that did not work , however hers did n't either , i would also assume perhaps it was myself that was the problem , however , i took a number of the exact same picture on this sony as well as my olympus ( as a back up and thank god i did ) and the pictures from the olympus , as well as every other camera i have ever used , have come out fantastic , on this camera though , they come out horrible , so bad in fact that i 'm embarrassed to show people ! believe me , if i had n't gotten it free as a present i 'd be writing a nasty letter to sony , as it is though my next camera i 'm saving up for and buying from a brand that does nothing but photography equiptment , therefore knows what they 're doing . sony makes great tv 's and home entertainment systems , anything else i 've bought from them , or known someone who has , has been junk , their camera , their car stereos , their computers ! sony should stick to tv 's and home theater , it 's what they 're good at , camera 's not so much , unless you 're looking for something cheap that you 'd only use in the day , even then i 'd recommend a disposable , they even work better than this camera 
camera neg 714.txt i purchased this digital picture frame after doing my homework , and reading all the reviews i could on the different kinds . the one i purchased was flawed , and would take 5 or 6 tries of inserting the memory card before i could get it to boot up . when it was running i was very disappointed with the quality of the pictures . what the description of this product does not tell you is - the frame does not come with a usb cable - so it does not hook up to a computer . this means that you must either have all the pics you want to display already on a memory card from your camera , or that you must have / purchase a card reader to download the pics from your computer to your camera card . ( a side note - if you have a sony digital camera , memory sticks do not allow you to back any pics onto them from your computer that were not taken in their format - so forget about using pics someone else sent , you took with another camera , or you reformatted with a photo program ) . i went with the digital pic frame from brookstone instead - far better quality , and much more user friendly 
dvd pos 33.txt ****this comment may contain spoilers ! *** anyone who saw this growing up has a soft spot in their hearts for it ; i 've encountered enough people over the course of my 37 yrs who perk up at the mention of it to be aware of its place in a lot of our memories . this has been satirized on the simpsons , which proves it has embedded itself in the national pop culture consciousness . anyone who has read the book its based on , the incredible " i am legend " by richard matheson , knows that this film has very little in common with it beyond its intial premise- -and even that is not followed too closely . all of the criticisms of the omega man are valid : it is very dated and not at all scary or intense and some of the stunts and special effects are laughably , ludicrously cheesy ; the villains- -who should have been more terrifying than even romero 's zombies- -are just crazed albino hippie luddites and the last half of the film , once chuck hooks up with rosalind cash and the kiddies , is really a let down . but the scenes that open the film of heston hefting a cool-looking machine gun while decked out in austin powers-style finery ( ! ) staring in angst at an old calendar or losing his mind for a moment hallucinating the sound of telephones ringing in the deserted city still pack a punch . this was the second movie , after 1959 's the world , the flesh , and the devil , to successfully pull off the eerie effect of being the last living human being in a huge empty city . both films established the visual motif of streets filled with blowing waves of newspapers and swirling trash.after years of seeing this on tv - - a guaranteed late september or early october event every year for a few years on the local tv station during my pacific northwest childhood in the old dark ages before cable tv and the videocassette revolution , its nice to see this movie on dvd with a beautiful widescreen transfer . it looks and sounds great . as a child i always liked the music , particularly the " surprise party " theme that plays when the villains make thir first appearance . it rocks here in all its xylophone and funky electric organ and horns glory 
music pos 396.txt i am not jewish , but you do n't have to be to enjoy these songs . this album happens to be one of my favourites of the putumayo releases . a couple of the songs were instantly familiar to me even though i thought i knew none of the songs when i bought this album . each and every song on here is wonderful...some are traditional folk songs while others are newer compositions . the 23 page booklet includes a 3 page history of jewish music , and each artist has a page about them , including a photograph . i highly recommend this album to just about everyone . my husband is arabic and he too loves these songs . music truly is borderless 
music pos 816.txt with all the ' neuvo flamenco ' and its accompaning popularity . it is nice ( and a relief ) i might add , to hear the flamenco guitar in its purist form . not only does this cd contain sabicas and nino ricardo . it also contains four very rare perfomances by manolo de huelva . which are difficult to find anywhere . also included are melchor de marchena performing six pieces . this is truly pure flamenco at its best 
music neg 665.txt as a huge counting crows fan , i thought it was kinda cool when i came across a tribute album to them...right up until the time that i listened to the cd . it is nearly impossible to get through . the best way i can try to explain it is to call it bad karaoke . i rated it one star because there 's no " 0 star " option . if you have any intentions of buying this cd , find a website where you can preview it first , and thank me later 
camera neg 69.txt i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting 
camera neg 457.txt it 's unfortunate that with a name like canon , you expect a quality camera . that 's why you shell out the money for an item that you think canon will stand behind . unfortunately , this is not the case . i bought this camera to use in graduate school ( industrial design ) . i needed it to do research for my thesis . i figured between that , all the product photographs , and the need good portfolio pieces , spending the 500.00 on an 8mp camera would be well worth the investment . i was wrong . about a month after i bought the camera , it started to malfunction . the lens got stuck and would not come out . neither would it go all the way back in , so the lens cover would not close ( not only putting the lens in danger , but draining the battery as well . ) it was still under warranty , so i sent it to the canon service center in elk grove village , illinois . it was received , and i was informed that my camera would be returned in 7-10 business days . that was almost a month and a half ago . i have put my thesis research on hold because i do not have the proper camera for it . every time i call the service center , i am told that the " parts are on back order " . evidently they do n't know when these shipments are due in their center , so they do n't know when i will have my camera back . the best part is , when i called two weeks ago , they offered me a " brand new " s215. the told me it was a great deal and that i should accept the offer because " they never do that " ( meaning they never offer a new camera for one in repair . ) i pointed out that the s215 was only 5mp , had a smaller screen , and cost nearly 300.00 less than my camera . i also reminded her that my camera was brand new when it broke and i had to send it in . today i was told that there was no information on my camera , the backordered parts , or when they could send my camera back . the woman on the phone asked me why i did n't accept the s215 that was offered , and when i explained and asked for a camera the same model as mine , she said they were not authorized to do that . i told her that i was going to spend the time originally set aside for my thesis research to write letters to both the service center and canon corporate headquarters , and she suddenly had a technician she could consult , and my camera would be back to me by the end of the week . i wo n't hold my breath , but a copy of this review will be sent to canon . 
camera neg 754.txt the roll of paper that i recieved had what appeares to be 3 roller marks down the paper . i am trying to get it replaced but adorama is not willing to help out because the order is more then 14 days old . i was not informed to inspect the product on arrival to insure a 14 day turn aroundf on issues . 
books pos 494.txt i 'm sure most people will come to fitzgerald through her novels , so i have to excuse myself as a first time reader who just happened to pick up these short stories . i still have n't decided if i enjoyed the collection , but they are unique . i thought the first story was by far the best , but after that , the quality varied widely . unlike a classic short story writer ( someone like guy de mauppassant ) , these stories have no resolution for the most part . in fact , they leave you with that feeling of listening to music and waiting to shift back into the major key . discordant is the word i 'm looking for . the settings take the reader all over the globe and across three different centuries . i suspect most would enjoy her novels more ( i am certainly heading in that direction to read them next ) , but i ca n't say since i have n't read them myself . overall , i found this collection a bit unsettling , but still well written . i 'm sure her fans will enjoy them more than i did on this first encounter 
camera pos 799.txt i love this battery charger ! i used to use store bought aa batteries for my olympus digital camera , but after keeping the batteries in the camera for only a week , the batteries were drained of power . for some reason , this twin battery pack can stay charged for a few months if i am just storing my camera . highly recommended 
music pos 453.txt a true musical theater classic . wonderful melodies that will last for years to come . other classics not to forget about are : mary poppins my fair lady the wizard of oz chitty chitty bang band the first charlie and the chocolate factory the sound of music oliver west side story fiddler on the roof singing in the rain the wiz little mermaid aladdin beauty and the beast grease the king and i oklahoma the music man south pacific my voice students are always asking me for recommendations so i though i 'd post it for all ! we ca n't forget about these great musicals 
music pos 304.txt please do yourself a favor and buy this cd ! whatever you do , dont listen to it in your car though . no kidding aside , i almost ran my car off the road because i was laughing so hard 
music pos 193.txt after watching the movie walk the line , i wanted to hear more of johnny cash . all these years ( 35 of them ) i always thought he was just a slow folk singer . his music is non-stop foot tapping soul grabbing stuff . he toured with elvis presely and jerry lee lewis . he inspired musicians like bob dylan . i am so glad i bought this cd . it 's the best purchase i made all year . 
music pos 80.txt dave alvin 's sublime new cd is a cadre of songs written by californians either born and / or who grew up in this land . the lyrics talk about what it means to live and love in the land of dreams and broken promises . it is also a look at the story of the frontier in this large western state . dave alvin has a voice that is deep and smooth and like a friend of his said " infiltrates your brain like a shot of jack daniels . " dave alvin says " we started with a list of 25 songs , from steve gillette to captain beefheart and everything in between . i was even thinking of doing ' going back to cali ' as a blues thing . in the end , though , it was n't about choosing my favorite songs so much as choosing songs that i could sing well enough and arrange differently enough to make them interesting . " he has picked these songs carefully and each of them fit his style and voice well . of them all , and i like each and every one , my two favorite interpretations are " here in california " and " surfer girl " " california bloodlines " is a sentimental rendition of john stewart 's fine work , which finds peace in knowing " there 's california bloodlines in my heart / there 's a california woman in my song ... and a california heartbeat in my soul . " " redneck friend " the jackson brown less well known song was just right for dave alvin 's style . " kern river " is a song merle haggard wrote after losing his best friend , and it is a melancholy rendition . " blind love " from tom waits is sung in a bluesy style with some doo wops thrown in to give it style . " here in california " one of my favorites is sung with christy mcwilson . he felt this song needed a woman 's perspective . " i 'm bewildered " is an old richard berry , the great guitarist 's tune . backed up by the calvenes . " sonora 's death row " written by blackie ferrell is a fable that examines the price of acting out of greed and anger and ends up a as gun fighter 's tale . " down on the riverbed " is an old los lobos song that is sung in dave alvin 's old blues style . " between the cracks " a song written by dave alvin and tom russell is a heartbreaking tale of young boy told by a loving woman , with a rollicking tune . this is the only dave alvin orignal song in this cd . " do n't look now " a song sung by john fogerty is an old creedence clearwater revival . bluesy and fun to make it dave's . " tramps and hawkers " by jim ringer is a delicate country waltz , come dance with me , bk . lyrics are wonderful . " loser " by jerry garcia and robert hunter , is darker with more infused blues than garcia 's version . it could n't sound less like a deadhead song . dave alvin put in a psychedelic section that is a tribute to the san francisco sound " surfer girl " brian wilson 's first song is done with doo-wops and again the calvanes did background . this is my favorite of dave alvin 's interpretations , and he sings this surfin'song with some tongue in cheek . dave alvin gives voices of california to this cd . voices from the california coastline and the surf music it inspired to the " brown earth of the state " to the frontier life and the lives won and lost . dave alvin had made his mark on this state , and the writers who loved their lives by writing and singing about the state they love . play it often and pay attention to the subtle influence of this cd . " california dreamin ' ? " highly recommended . prisrob 6-04-06 
camera pos 142.txt this was one of the first lenses that i purchased with my rebel xt . now after taking several thousand pictures with it i can honestly say it was well worth the cost . i very rarely have any unsharp pictures with this lens unless it is my own fault by trying to use too slow of a shutter speed without a tripod . i also have the 180mm f / 3.5l macro lens , which costs about 3 times more than this lens , and although it is very clear and the extra reach is nice at times especially since it can be used with both the 1.4x and 2x tc 's , it is very difficult to use inside without a tripod . the 60mm can be handheld if needed with very good results even if you have to bump your iso up a little to do so . i have also used this lens for both inside and outside portrait work with very nice results . all-in-all , given it 's small size and light weight i very rarely leave this lens behind when i go out because you never know when you might see a great macro shot 
camera pos 832.txt i purchased an off brand to use with my fxf-10 when this case was on back order . it was terrrible , so i ordered this case and am thoroughly pleased . the camera fits perfectly into the case and , although it is described as a " soft case , " it is durable and will protect your camera with style without adding additional bulk 
camera neg 677.txt this camcorder worked well , but i had two complaints with it . 1. on the sound track you can hear noise from the recording head moving back and forth , sounds like a woodpecker . this alone made it unacceptable or what i wanted to do . 2. i wanted high quality video , but since it records on a small dvd disk , the video is compressed before it is recorded on the disk . this causes some loss of detail in the picture , especially if you 're going to edit it and rerecord the video which i need to do . if you just want a camera to record a small dvd which you can then play in a dvd player ( and not all dvd players will play the small dvds ) this camera might be acceptable . i returned it and bought a panasonic pv-gs35minidv camcorder which uses the minidv cassette tape . much better video quality because its not compressd , and no noise from the tape drive 
music pos 508.txt tears for fears was not the average 80 's pop band , even if they looked like it on the surfice . they used synthsizers , drum machines with a meliodic and hook laden sound . but the music itself was often melancholy and they brought up serious issues like family values like few contemporary bands at the time had the guts to sing about . tears for fears got their name from arthur janov 's primal scream therapy and they band consisted of roland orzabal and curt smith , two highschool friends from bath , england . roland was the writer of most songs during the career while they both were co-singing . some of the music may sound a little dated today ( this being released in 1983 ) but the touchy subjects they bring up are still present today . the opener and title track is a great pop song and at the same time a good introduction to what is coming , it 's about children suffering without anyone noticing or caring . tears for fears trademark was mixing good pop with serious subjects and they really succeeded with that . " mad world " was one of the big hits and recently covered by gary jules and taken back to the charts again as the sountrack for " donnie darko " . the moody alternative song brings up the sad reality we 're living in , a world without rules or morals and the people suffering from it . excellent and haunting ballad . " pale shelter " was originally released in 1982 but failed to make it big on the charts , so the song was re-recorded , remixed and re-released and the result was a big hit even for " pale shelter " . the song is slow paced and distinct with guitars , synthesizers and percussion . it brings up the lack of love some children get cause of bad parenthood . " ideas as opiates " is almost minimalistic , it basically only feauture percussion and slow piano sound , the lyrics are also sparse . " memories fade " is also a stripped and melancholy song , with it 's haunting lyrics and saxophone it 's one of this album 's highlights . " suffer them children " is a synth laden pop song about children with problems growing up cause they 're ignored and not given too much love . watch me bleed " got very strong lyrics " heaven comes to he who waits / but i know im getting nowhere / and all the deeds of yesterday / have really helped to pave my way " and is overall another great pop / rock song . " change " was one of three big hits on this album , it got a trademark marimba sound and a great hook which paved the way to the charts . the song is focusing on the destructive behavior of a loved one . " the prisoner " is the darkest of songs with some very strong lyrics and arrangements suited for a horror film , the lyrics are sparse and they 're almost whispered . the last song is called " start of a breakdown " feautures a catchy synthesizer sound and meliodic percussion . why this song was not released as single is beyond me , but it 's one of the best songs . this remastered version feauture remixed of pale shelter " , " mad world " and " change and the non-album song " the way you are " is present . it 's another fantastic song by the way . uptempo with great percussion arrangements . nice it was added . overall , tears for fears magnificient debut was one of the most daring and thoughtful albums of the 80's . it 's equally intellegent and beautiful full of good lyrics and great arrangements . with this remastered version you get better sound + bonus tracks and the non album song " the way you are " . some of the songs may sounds a little dated today , considering all the new equipment used in today 's music , but the lyrics and subjects they brought up are just as present in today 's society . this album may get a little too personal and the lyrics get frightening when you listen closely to them at times , however if you 're a music fan that likes smart lyrics and lyrics that make sense then this is something for you . it 's a concept album and it very thoughtful and sincere . one of the greatest debuts of the 80 's , let alone albums . 
dvd neg 229.txt pushing the envelope for explicit , over the counter home videos , 9 songs ( tartan ) is about one year of sex and rock'n roll in the life of two lovers . matt is a young glaciologist . he meets lisa at a london rock concert . that night they start an affair . in between attending more concerts , they make passionate love . it 's for real and explicit . nine live-concert song footage is intercut with their coke-snorting , sexual encounters creating a sometimes ironic reflection of their intense physical but otherwise rather bland relationship . and finally , all this takes place in the memory of matt as he flies across the vast frozen wastelands of the south pole . this unscripted film is part musical , part drama , part documentary and part performance . it raises questions about the difference between pornography and art . controversial and much buzzed about , this not fully satisfying experiment is of interest mainly as a novelty item by a usually innovative and creative director for what it could have been . and of course the sex . a special feature eliminates everything but the concert performances . 
dvd pos 280.txt stoners , music , girls . 80 's high school times in cali . it takes you back to when vans were cool and the girls had way to much hairspray . everytime i watch this movie im ready to hit the beach . good movie 
music neg 366.txt etta never fails to deliver in the vocals . gutteral bombast , sweet soul , gospel , blues , the lady is a living legend . but this album , like the last album " produced " by her son , is a nightmare . chessy arrangments , tinkly bass , poor sound all around . she is a fierce mother and i 'm sure she thinks her kids know best , but there is a reason why labels pair vocalists with the right producer . should etta get the chance to work with a fresh ear at the deck , she would n't need the novelty of some of the song choices . ps - 200lbs lighter and she remains the best live performer ; blues , r / b , soul , whatever , in the world . 
music pos 566.txt this mos def album is a good album to listen to . he shows off his lyrical skills and gives social commentary that is on point . why listen to a bunch of guys who have " lil " in front of their names when you can listen to a man give his views on life , love , and this country we live i 
camera neg 435.txt i bought this camcorder 3 months ago and , after using it a grand total of 6 times , it is broken . it constantly loses track of timestamp on the tape doing things like rewinding 2 minutes ( two minutes on the counter in the display ) , refusing to rewind anymore and telling me the tape is full . it 's a 60 minute tape and it can only record 2 minutes ? ? ? i figured that was a problem with the tape so i tried another one , which seemed to work fine until i got home and tried to watch the footage . the camera counter once again became confused and the whole camera just locked up . i had to power off and on several times before finally getting the camera to rewind the tape to where i needed it to be . lastly , the mechanism for ejecting the tape broke after only one month . one last note , the support for panasonic is horrible too . you ca n't talk to a " real " person and instead have to go through an annoying robotic voice recognization " person " . i 'll never buy another panasonic product again...give me sony 
camera pos 709.txt this is a great , easy to use camera . i have had this camera for a year and it has seen alot of use . the only drawback i have had with this camera is that it eats aa batteries . i bought rechargeable aa 's and they seem to last forever ! problem solved . i am about to purchase a second one for my son for christmas . great camera 
music neg 606.txt i thought it would have nice , soft songs . but , it is riddled with annoying sound effects and strange instrumentation 
camera neg 374.txt i read all the reviews and comments on this kodak printer i could find . many gave glowing reviews . i 'd just purchased a new kodak digital camera , and thought this printer dock would make a perfect setup . i was never able to get the printer to perform as kodak says it should . it caused some odd conflict , and my computer would not boot into windows xp with the printer attached to the computer . i ended up having to disconnect the printer , turn on my computer , and then reconnect the printer in order to use it . windows then had to always reinstall the printer drivers . it was made even more frustrating by kodak 's tech support . i called and emailed multiple times for assistance . in one conversation i was literally told " i do n't know what 's wrong and ca n't help you . " now that 's tech support ! finally the printer refused to print telling me that it was out of paper . i tried all kodak 's remedies , none worked . no matter how much or how little paper was in the machine , it said there was no paper . i even opened a fresh pack to find it still fussy and not let me print . i ca n't recommend this printer . i could give a better recommendation had kodak itself , through its tech support , at least have provided my with some competent assistance . i got about 2 dozen prints , quite a large cost for printer and supplies for a few prints before the machine just failed to work at all . about the only positive i can give is that the prints i did get looked good , the color was nice . i gave it an extra star for print quality alone . kodak was a name that had some strength behind the name once upon a time . it was synonymous with home photography once upon a time . they 've lost something over the years , and that is quality 
music pos 934.txt this is by far the best psychopathic album ever released . riddlebox is now in second place . madrox schools ever other artist on psychopathic with this album . beats are bangin ' and lyrics are flawless ! great flows and he mixes funny with wicked . best songs are this b*tch and hey phatty . great album by the best rapper of our time . madrox is so under rated . i wish for his sake he would blow up huge but not lose his soul in the process . buy this album , best rap album ever made 
music pos 167.txt wow ! there 's sooooo.. . much to like in this album it 's amazing . the music is mostly upbeat & very catchy- -making you want to ( & will if no one 's around ) sing along . the lyrics are fine , meaningful , & personally touching- -about life which is getting faster & faster in the contemporary world , while people are still people with hopes , feelings , needs , desires , & all the rest of what makes people human . the lead singer , jennifer nettles is powerful yet gifted with a sweet voice ( though a bit twangy in style ) . she grabs you quickly for a wild ride- -immersing the listener in the musical story she 's telling . i bought the cd based on hearing baby girl & something more ( on the tv show vegas of all place ) . then i heard sugarland on the cma show- -winning awards as they so deserve . the range & variety of the songs on the album are good too- -from sweet & poignant ballads to wild & spicy soaring . virtually all of the songs are well worth listening to & the majority could become successful singles . yes , the style is their own mixture of influences- -the 3 artists come from different musical backgrounds , which makes their wonderful blending are the more impressive . and , the trio wrote all the songs on the cd- -with hall the primary author ( solo writer on one of them ) . how many trios are there with 2 women & 1 man ? i wonder if they are unique ? well , they are unique even if not in that respect- -how many bands include a mandolin ? . of course , country purists may not be happy with them , but the vast majority of listeners are . this has become one of my favorite albums , at the speed of sound . imho , it 's terrific 
music neg 151.txt people buy fast food , they know its bad for them . people pay the geek squad 229 to do 5 minutes of work . people also pay 10 bucks for words & techno beats called " pop music " . amazing , if you had this much money : go get a gym membership . pay off your cars . donate it to children 's hospital . why support some teen that in 2 years will die from the music scence and laugh in her mansion 
music pos 229.txt gene watson was one of the finest voices in country music , and this compilation of 18 hits provide a fine sampling of that voice . considered by some to be " hard country " , i find gene watson to have a more " pop " oriented voice that combined well with his selection of songs ; and in the ' 70 's , that proved to be enough to keep him on the charts . while many of the songs on this album are pure country , others are the typical , drab , 70 's pop that filled the void between the nashville sound and the new traditional era of the 80's . in any case , there is no doubt that gene watson earned his spot in country music , and this collection carries those hits that made him the household name he is today ; including his signature songs " farewell party " and " love in the hot afternoon " . if you prefer the more traditional country sound , his " you could know as much about a stranger " and " should i come home " are also included 
camera neg 776.txt i bought this item over a year ago , and it has never served for anything . once i spotted a deer and turned on the " ir " illuminator , and the deer ran away - not too surprising , it is actually a red light and totally visible for most animals . better use a flashlight . this is a first-generation nightscope , and has a very small range of utility : if there is a little light , the adapted human eye sees better , and if there is almost no light the device does not see either . 100 bucks is not too much of a waste , but if you are serious about nightvision you should spend about 10 times as much 
music pos 884.txt this is a must have for anyone with an r&b " oldies " collection . you wo n't be disappointed 
music pos 875.txt once she has won your heart , you will want this collection to hear how she developed as a performer - - and came to be a great symbol of france in the 20th centur 
camera pos 953.txt camera arrived earlier than i expected , and was just what i wanted . very small , but versitle . large screen . very satified with my purchase 
camera pos 606.txt you wo n't go wrong with a panasonic dv . i 've had a few models . i have several of this model for my business . they 're rock solid reliable , nice and small for portability , and the quality of the recording is very goo 
camera pos 271.txt if you are shooting with a compact chip camera like the 20d or rebel xt , you will be happier with the 8mm fisheye . this 15mm fisheye will just be a really distorted wide angle lens due to the 1.6 factor . if you love the fish eye style and have that camera , you 'll need something wider to compensate for your smaller chip . i was disapointed with this lens for that reason . the sigma 8mm is great . a note to the reviewer below . sigma makes some good lenses and bad ones . this is a good one and you probably got a bad copy . it happens often enough with sigma gear . with this lens , its good to go and try one at your local camera shop and make sure it has the style you want . bring your camera with a chip in it and take a few shots and go home to check them out . decide if you like the style and if that piece of glass is a good copy . i got a good copy and was still disapointed because of my lack of knowledge . sounds like you got a bad one 
dvd pos 831.txt dmx stars as the drug dealer king david , who pops up in the streets again after a long absence . rolling into the frame in a player 's classic - a late 70 's stutz blackhawk - king david shrugs his way back into the hard-knock life . he quickly reaps what he sows and , mortally wounded , passes all his worldly goods to paul ( david arquette ) , a scrambling white would-be writer . king david 's estate includes an audio journal of his life , which provides flashbacks and a narrative-within-a-narrative that answers the shaken paul 's curiosity . it 's the highlights of king david 's high life that propel " alone . " like all of goines 's heroes , king david is a scourge on the periphery , and the movie dramatizes his corrosive effect on the margins with savvy muscularity . every life he touches he leaves in ruins - a need to deface beauty as a result of self-loathing is implicit , and dmx signals that motivation with sly hostility . to say that king david is the best part he 's ever had is an understatement ; he has never felt the need to inhabit a movie in this way before . i would recomed this to anyone who likes the hip hop lifestyle or music and for anyone who like films with a twist 
music pos 658.txt hands down , a 5 star , two thumbs up , classic joint . after it dropped , puba reigned supreeeme . disregard the amazon reviewer , there are no " gaffes " in this one , period.. . these guys were true to their beliefs . they were n't packaging a product for " pop " consumption , they were telling a generation what they thought . check it out and the music will speak for itself . the best track in my opinion was " wake up " , but the whole album was great . as someone else mentioned , fast tracks put it in the 90 's but most of the tracks are relevant sound as good as ever . 
camera pos 480.txt the battery is great and it 's pretty nice to own two of these , so when one battery is discharged i can just pop in the spare . it was in stock and delivered to me in a reasonable amount of time 
camera neg 235.txt i thought i was ordering the right size batteries , but i found out too late this was not the case . now i am unable to get full credit for them when i return them 
music neg 249.txt i should first state that i am a huge ej fan . his music has been extremely important to me over the years . he is , without a doubt , a genius ... i would go so far as to call him the mozart of our times . but , elton can also write bloated , self-indulgent tripe , and if you ask me , this album belongs in that bucket . i give it 2 stars just because of ssmlt , one of his all-time greats . i never cease to be blown away by that song . but the rest of this album ? booooooring ! ! ! 
music pos 812.txt i saw the outlaws live twice in the early eighties and had a great time at both shows . this album is just plain fun to listen to and brings back some very fond memories 
camera pos 840.txt i needed a tele lens to complement my d50 purchase . a did n't want to spend too much money on it but i needed one that a least matched my lumix fz10 in sharpness . this certainly did and the vr really works , i am able to take sharp pictures up to 1 / 40. my d50 flies on it 
music neg 275.txt this album is pure crap ! just a marketing move to capitalize on the sales from straight outta cashville , until he can make a real new album , not this microwaved crapola . if you like buck , get straight outta cashville , an beg for mercy , than wait for his future release , with actual new tracks . i strongly advise you not to buy this . it is a total rip off . i wasted my time downloading this 
music pos 411.txt fournier plays exquisitely , imbuing each note with an elegance of its own and keeping the piece lyrical yet still rhythmically precise . although his interpretation is romantic , the spirit is all bach with no egoism on the part of fournier . there is both serenity and tension in these recordings , and fournier 's smooth interpretation is one of the most moving recordings available 
music neg 880.txt this is humor ? when does the humor begin ? is it close to the end cause i reckon that this ai n't funny . maybe the fans of this guy can go home and beat there spouses with banjos and leave the rest of us alone , i reckin 
books pos 131.txt i used this book as a student and still use it for teaching . pieces are nice and students are challenged to think musically . it moves quicker than some other method books ; it covers materials from elementary to early intermediate . upon completion of the first grade book students can play standard repertoire in the early intermediate level . students must have completed early elementary level before using this book because this book starts with playing two hands in c position . emphasize phrasing from the first piece . highly recommended 
music neg 475.txt i bought this cd for the avril lavigne song keep holding on. i really like her song , and this is the only way i could find to buy get it . was to buy the eragon sound track . i havent seen the movie . besides that i would n't have bought it 
music pos 886.txt i have been following gospel since the early 80s . i am a big fan of contemporary gospel and shei atkins defines how r&p gospel should sound . trinitee 5:7 along with dawkins & dawkins have done a great job so far , but shei atkins covers it all- -relationships ( cheating , divorce , pre-marital sex ) ; worship ; hymns ; enocuragement ; you name it and she has a song for it . i just bought the cd and i ca n't take it out of my cd player ! ! her voice is so annointed and unique ! she can easily give beyonce , erykah badu and mary blige a run for their money ! she can easily be played on mainstream radio and everyone would be bobbin ' their heads to it- -yet she has no problem mentioning jesus in any of her songs ! for those christians who are looking for something that they can groove and relax too ( with some anointing ) please buy this cd- -i promise you that you wo n't be disappointed ! i can literally listen to every song on this cd over and over again 
music pos 528.txt people , what a killer release this is . i bought it in ' 92 when it was released , not knowing what to expect , as i had never heard a single cut from it . i knew schonn was the axeman on this baby , and that was all i needed to know . i popped this cd in the player , and was instantly floored . what great melodic , poweful tunes filled my ears . i 'm not much of a ballad fan , but even those are great . dean castronova on drums was the perfect choice for this type of release , as he adds the power to schonn 's precision . this is how neal would have played with journey , had the suits let him do so . the gioeli brothers , unknown to me at the time , do a masterful job as well . it 's such a shame that great bands make an album or two , and just fade away , ie . lynch mob , badlands and these guys , to name a few . this release is far superior to their second offering , but that one is pretty tasty as well . i suggest paying the coin for this cd , as it 's worth every penny . hardline 2 will run you about twice as much , but imports often do . get ' em both if ya ' can , but this one is the best of the 2. peace . 
software pos 908.txt although this game maybe aimed for kids , it can still offer powerful training games in an entertaining way . each assorted machines is like an arcade that trains each tactical aspects individually . such as blind chess , eye-training , memory training of chess positions are most notable that separates it from the other beginner chess training programs . the only thing i hate bout this game is the lack of options . you ca n't log off to a different username without having to shutdown the program first then relog nor can you delete usernames . no bgms ( backgroundmusic ) during chess matches . other than that , its an awesome tactical training tool . kids really do love to play this game and is one of the best games out there that can get them into playing chess . i think chess can be a beneficial contribution to school learning and thinking process . 
camera pos 395.txt i was n't sure if it would be worth spending the money on this case . how wrong i was . if you 're into diving and have one of these cameras , buy it now 
music pos 848.txt as a pretty big comedy fan thanks to xm radio , i have listened to a lot of comics and i own a lot of comic cd 's ( mitch hedberg , bill hicks , emo philips , lewis black , steven wright , pablo francisco etc. ) and my absolute favorite is unprotected . there is not a slow part on this cd and it never fails to bring everyone to tears on a long car ride . his quick and merciless wit is better than any other comic in the us . his family must be very understanding since he does n't hesitate to include every detail of their personal lives in his act , but it all serves to create a punchline that we can all relate to . the highlights of this cd are his daughter 's boyfriend and guidelines for resuming sex after a heart attack . i highly highly reccomend this 
music neg 324.txt what a terrible excuse for music from generally excellent musicians . it sounds like espn called them asked them to put a diddy together and 10 minutes later....presto ...instant mush 
music pos 883.txt this is their best album.easily better than anything the likes of oasis ever managed.richard iii , going out , late in the day and the title track are all top quality.if you rated blurs 3 & quot ; britpop&quot ; ( horrible term really ) albums from the 90s then get this.its up there with them.simple as that 
camera neg 815.txt straight out of the box disappointment with the extremely poor quality . plug into wall and does not work . after trying numerous different outlets / wiggles of the cord , it finally powered on . after putting in a card , the pics were ok , passable . the mp3 popped and moaned and popped some more , and i was only playing very quiet jazz . this is not worth the money even though it is cheap . pay a little more and get one that is of better quality 
music pos 538.txt if you like the beach boys and appreciate the technical quality behind telarc recordings , then this disc is a must have in your collection . first , papa doo run run does an excellent job covering beach boys tunes to the point where some people ca n't tell the difference , but you can still hear the uniqueness they bring to it . second , you 'll feel like your hearing parts of the music you 've never heard before because there is so much more foundation and clarity to the recording . you can hear each instrument clearly . the beginning of & quot ; i get around&quot ; is almost explosive , they way the original recording should have been . telarc and papa doo run run have made a special album here . when i feel like listening to the beach boys , i usually grab this cd first 
dvd neg 442.txt between the amended " politically correct " ending to this famous tale and the so-very-hokey interaction between kirstey alley and lloyd bridges , i could n't wait for this to be over ! the animation was very poor quality.. . the music was not the focus , my grandchildren lost interest . shat else could possibly have been wrong 
camera pos 972.txt i have own this camcorder for 6 month it 's a good camcorder , esay to use , easy to bring as it 's design purpose , pc-55 is enough for home use only one thing i want to mention here , before i buy this camcorder , i thought that i can record video on ms duo in mepg format , and it 's easy for post-edit on pc , you know , tansfer a minidv tape to computer may need a huge space to save . however , when i replay the video which stored on ms , the sreen was full of mosaic fortunately , when use dv type to record , this situation never happens . good quality . the one press photo button also becomes useless because the bad quality 
music pos 202.txt what can i say that most of the people reviewing this cd have n't already said . arthur is outrageously talented . it 's almost shocking . the depth of songwriting and production values are so intense . it 's extremely well recorded and mixed music . anyone into audio manipulation should just buy all of his albums right now . " stumble and pain " is probably my favourite track . the sinister tone of it and the synth effects are just superb . as with all arthur albums the vocals are dense , layered , and its something he 's obviously worked on for a long time and it really pays off on this album ! anyone new to him should buy this immediatly and buy redemption 's son straight after that . what a musician 
music neg 473.txt unfortunately i was extremely unhappy after listening to the album . unlike many other altan fans , i view maireads singing as the weakest part of the groups appeal despite their having chosen some excellent songs over the course of their recording career . the problem is that on this album they emphasize her singing to the almost total exclusion of their instrumentals which was what attracted me to the group in the first place . and the few instrumentals they do play are played with no spirit almost like & quot ; well i guess we have to put a few instrumentals on&quot ; kind of effort . i 'm sorry , but she has a thin voice and is frequently shrill and off-key on many of their songs . she is however an excellent fiddler and that with the superb abilities of the other members and inspired arrangements made them for me the top irish folk group . alas they have decided to stress her poor-to-mediocre vocals instead of their great abilities in playing reels , jigs , etc. i miss frankie kennedy 's flute too . goodbye altan , your best day 's are over unless you revert to the format of the old days 
camera neg 334.txt i bought the 4600 for my parents in 2005. a seal in the lens housing broke in november and we sent it to nikon . when nikon recieved the camera they said it had " liquid " damage to the lens shutter area . my parents did n't send the camera in that condition , yet nikon claims that it is " impossible " for that kind of " accident " to occur at their facility . two months later i am still arguing with them over this . one of their service represatives , rob mustard , told me ( paraphrasing ) " i have 70 service orders in front of me and our facility gets hundreds of repairs each week ; i 've heard every excuse imaginable for why it is n't the customer 's fault . " besides being rude , does n't that scare you about his facility getting in hundreds of repairs each week ? ? ? ? do n't buy nikon is my recommendation . 
camera pos 554.txt this case fits the camera perfectly . you hardly notice it when it 's attached to your belt . 
camera pos 487.txt i am totally satisfied with product features . for me still it 's better than any available product from other company in this segment . i ranked this product 4 because it manual dial malfunction very often . if i select album mode it still thinks to be in snapshot mode and vice-versa . it 's out of guarantee and i 'll hv to live with it . anyway there are many products present in market in this series to go with like w50 or something like that 
camera pos 460.txt just as advertised , very small , very useful , great video , great photos , just what i needed this is the second jvc camera i own and both satisfy my needs 
music pos 614.txt i have listened to this wonderful soundtrack and i think it is superb ! ! i now know that the alien movies rock ! the tone of the music fits the movie . i especially like & quot ; ripleys them&quot ; because it reflects on what has happened with ripley through-out the movie . the cloning , learing , remebering and also meeting her clones . i would also like to say that the movie was excellent aswell . the cast did a great job , acting their hearts out . jean-pierre jeunet should be proud of the music and his film.so if you are n't an alien fan , you sure as heck will be after you listen to the soundtracks ! ~ jenna 
camera neg 542.txt sd card worked fine for a week . problems arise then worsens over time for one more week then it just does n't work anymore . problem is not the pda , nor software on it . tried to use the card on a separate flash reader / writer . tried formatting it to fat32 , create test directory , data stays on for less than one hour . i would refrain from buying this product . 
software neg 906.txt i gave this a 2nd star for a support call ms provided . if you do have a frontpage server , and have it set " on " , it had some advantages over ftp . i bought it for use on our family website which is mainly pictures . i 've used 6-8 programs for creating galleries over the years . i think a perl script using linux ' mogrify worked best . this works worst ! the free ones w / the digital cameras beat it . frontpage is missing the most fundamental piece to view photos - a next / previous button . you can choose from several thumbnail displays including a cool mosaic / colage type thing . once you expand it , you must remember the shot you were on , back up , and then click on the next one ! unbelievable . i know what i need for handling photos efficiently . flicr has it - cross-tab indexing of the same photo . i think picassa is close and getting closer . this was n't worth the cost of picassa - free 
music neg 945.txt carter burwell 's soundtrack music to & quot ; rob roy&quot ; was an early sign that he was not just getting it right . the score is all wrong but so is the movie . this movie needed an uplifting score . carter burwell could not deliver it 
music neg 217.txt guys...it 's not that good . i have the album on my computer , and i gave it a few listens , but...it has no substance . it 's not interesting or anything new . it 's catchy . and irritating , after more than a song or two . that 's all ( " bandages " is enjoyable once in a while , i will concede ) . if you 're looking for catchy and poppy ( and there 's nothing wrong with that ) , then buy it . if you want something new and original - don't . and if you want good indie dance / electronica-type music go for something like the faint , the bravery , or le tigre . 
camera neg 891.txt the camera is decent . the fact that it does n't come with the correct cable nor software to transfer video to a computer is unacceptable . what do they expect 90% of consumers are going to do with it 
music pos 184.txt this is an amazing , beautiful album . probably a little more difficult to get into than streethawk , but after about the 4th or 5th listen , i found it more rewarding . the music is very dense , and the lyrics are beautifully poetic ( it helps that dan bejar has chosen to include a lyric sheet in the cover this time ) . a great album for any fan of intelligent independent music 
camera neg 556.txt i have had this camera for about a year and a half . i got so fed up with it that i just bought a new one . i admit , this camera takes decent pictures in good lighting when the zoom is n't used . however , this camera takes horrible pictures if the zoom is used . i would only recomomend this camera to someone who just wants to take pictures of of thier surroundings or to a younger person who is getting their first digital camera 
dvd pos 323.txt i 've never been quite a fan of music dvds . by that i mean the live stuff . i much rather be there to experience it then sit at home pretending i 'm there . that 's one side of it . i 'm also a huuuuuge gorillaz fan . and i have seen them live . the show to their self titled debut . but do n't get me wrong , that does n't make me biased towards everything they put out . on the contrary it leaves me to judge them on a higher level because i only expect the best from what they 've given . with that said , this has to be literally one of the best music dvds i have encountered in quite some time . do n't worry about extras , documentaries , which while would have been nice to show how it was put together , are not here . which makes sense since the band itself is very discreet they would n't show you all that . the show itself was amazing , and it literally jumps off screen as you watch this , and i recommend you have a decent audio system as well . the amazing sound quality coupled by the beautiful visuals is astonishingly done well . the editing and the post production were so well conceived they worked on this like a labour of love and not just another dvd to sell . from start to end it will leave you speechless . as you stare in awe at the grandioso that is the gorillaz , you realise that while at first you figured them to be a fictious band in every aspect , they are quite real and very capable of producing grand music on every level . you can tell by this by the standing ovation and after the show and after the encore . only few bands have ever been able to touch me musically on such a deep level . and to put on such a show which normally you could only catch at the studio over a period of months to produce is a feat in itself . if you want special features videos and documentaries get the 2 other dvds especially now since they just released their newest one . those will fill in all that nicely . but even if you 're not a fan or just a new convert , i highly recommend you own this . no matter the age , or person you are , ( you notice this on the dvd as well ) and regardless of what your favourite genre is . because they are so massive they ca n't be contained into one . thank you damon and jamie for such an experience , mates 
music pos 270.txt if you do not yet own dark side of the moon , wish you were here and the wall , do not even consider purchasing a momentary lapse of reason . amlor is junk by comparison . that said , very few rock albums ever made can hang with those three , and amlor certainly has its bright spots . " learning to fly " and " on the turning away " are as good as anything pink floyd has ever produced . some of the other songs are adequate , but this album does not contain the front-to-back brillance of the earlier floyd releases . it 's definitely worth having , but make sure that you have the others first . 
camera neg 801.txt i bought this frame as a gift for my husband and he was extremely disappointed with the grainy quality of the photos . we promptly sent it back for a refund . i would recommend spending the money on a better digital frame or save your money altogether and create a slideshow screensaver on your computer monitor ! 
camera pos 785.txt the sony cybershot is a great camera . the colors and the features are amazing . is very easy to use . the only thing i dont like about the camera is the zoom in and out button . if you zoomed in you wont be able to zoom out . 
music pos 309.txt rock n ' roll history has many example of band / artists unlucky , that did n't get the recognition they deserve . here 's one . what is big star about ? a rock n ' roll , slightly psychodelic , most influenced by beatles and the byrds . the first record ( #1 record - 1972 ) is the battle of two frontman putting one classic pop-rock tune after another . chilton gets the most rock stuff , chris the ballads , and also a contribution from hummel , the hippy " india song " . best moments : in the streets , thirteen , india song , when my baby 's beside me , my life is right . the second album - radio city - 1973. chris left the band , claiming that chilton was getting too much control of everything . for this record , hummel contributes more , the band goes torward some stuff slightly different , like the soul intended o my soul ( maybe a reflection of the record label atmosphere . chilton here also takes full control of the musical direction , the albm sounds not better or worse , but less laboured , sounding in some tracks , more like a rehearsal , with a great garage feeling . stevens goes great on drums , specally on back of a car . best tracks : way out west , life is white ( although the harmonica annoys me a little ) , mod lang ( very bowie mood ) , back of a car , september gurls . at a glance , big star reminds me backing home from school , playing my guitar , calling my girlfriend on the phone and waiting for the weekend to go to the beach . a feeling of youthness that does n't come back , just like those special moments in a band 's career that later , they ca n't catch anymore , no matter how hard they try . for big star , no differ , they would never do anything like these two records . and sadly after bell 's death , chances are zero to none . why did n't they succeeded . well , ego stuff , lack of stax knowledge to deal with rock n ' roll bands , and the dicotomy that was ruling the rock n ' roll scene at the time : hard rock versus progressive rock . and what about big star ? neither hard rock , nor progressive . but , despite all that rubish , big star is pure rock n'roll , guitar band , 70 's style , recognizable in many current bands recording all over the world . big star is eternal . 
camera pos 359.txt i bought this lens on a whim to see what it would be like to shoot with a prime lens . at $80 it certainly was worth the risk unlike the many other canon lenses which cost thousands of dollars . the quality of the pictures from this lens is the only thing making me move away from zoom lenses 
music neg 55.txt bought this cd based upon the reviews and the fact that they were recommended with some other albums i like , and man , what a mistake . this cd borders on unlistenable , with no discernable melody / talent to be found . i 'm hardly some ignorant pop-music lover...i consider " blueberry boat " to be one of my favorite records - but this is just horrible 
camera pos 794.txt i shot my second feature ( flying tiger ) on the dvx and took it to the cannes film fest market and no one could tell it was n't film . this camera is fantastic if you shoot right . i suggest this camera over all the other similarly-priced models . we have done extensive testing with many cameras and this is my favorite . the jvc is many thousands more and you get less grain with it in dark areas , true , but for the money , the dvx , if you shoot properly with it , will get you amazing results . for proof , you can check out footage shot in a ton of lighting conditions at my site . we had the best luck in natural light , with simple chimera diffusers . if you 're honest with yourself and do n't plan on hitting the lottery anytime soon ( getting a real distribution deal / full 35mm blowup ) and you need a good looking film for fests or dvd , there is no way you should shoot on film , or another camera . we shot a full feature on no money and had many distrib offers , all because of the look this camera gave us . i 'm planning on using it again for my next film . ! viva la revolucion ! put the dvx in 24p advanced mode and rip the knob off 
camera neg 247.txt i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! ! 
camera pos 739.txt one of the reviews i read before purchasing these suggested that the reviewer should 've had them for her celine dion concert . i took the suggestion and they were perfect ! they fit nicely in my evening bag and brought celine closer to me as i sat in the second mezzanine at caesar 's palace ! not only that - but the price was right ! i could n't be happier ! plus , now i have them for our next trip to rocky mountain park to get up close and personal to some wildlife 
camera pos 563.txt i got this for my mom when i got the digital frame for my husband it is very easy to download pictures on and she can show off all of her grandbabies this is an awsome gift for anyone the color and pictures are great 
dvd neg 955.txt when you look at the cover , you think it 's about a fantastic trip into a black hole , and what they find inside , but it isn't . it 's about a nemo wannabe wanting to enter the black hole . i especially did not like the ending . overall i would rate it : story-3 stars actors-4 stars music-4 stars ending-0 stars overall - 2 stars i am not insulting disney , i think it came out just how " they " wanted it to . and , as with most disney movies , the only pg part is violence . i liked the actors and the robots , but other than that , it is a waste of money 
music neg 238.txt this is nothing like the classic dead you 've heard about . far from it . the sound is too polished . & quot ; alabama get away&quot ; and & quot ; althea&quot ; are okay but the rest is junk . i think most dead heads would agree that this is not the one to look for if you just want some of the deads ' best music . really.. . the grateful dead with a polished sound ? ? just does n't seem to fit . save your money for one of their greatest hits compilations , plus american beauty , worjing man 's dead , europe ' 72 and & quot ; dead set&quot ; 
camera pos 438.txt this is the perfect camera for me . i take alot of close-up detail shots and the images come out great . it is smaller than my old g3 ( which i loved , but was pretty chunky ) 
music pos 42.txt i was a big fan of this band 's song " rock'n'roll highschool " , and i recently saw the documentary about them , so , when i saw this anthology selling for around $15 in australia , i thought i 'd take a punt by buying it . my thoughts on this album are similar to the ones i had for the 3 cd johnny o'keefe collection [reviewed at this site by me]. namely , overall , the album is very listenable , with some standout tracks . as with the jok album , this album is / was great value for money , considering how many songs you get for the price . of the songs i particularly like on this album , and the ones i have been listening to quite a bit , are : rock'n'roll high school . this song still rocks after all these years . do you remember rock'n'roll radio ? good song , though it never got the airplay that the previous song seemed to get here in australia . chinese rock . an easter egg song ! ! never heard this song before , but it is an instant classic . very catchy . danny says . another easter egg song . takes some repeated listening to get into , but once you do that , it gets high rotation on your cd player . to me , i can see why the ramones are considered founders of punk . at least as far as the music is concerned . however , the sex pistols truly define punk for me . they have the whole package which i identify with punk...namely , the punk sound , and the incendiary , anarchistic lyrics . the ramones are more middle-class sounding , to my ears at least . i 'm surprised at how poppy / boppy the ramones are . to me they sound like a punk motown band . one of the songs on the 2nd cd , i think , has that classic punk sound , but i did n't make a note of the title . might have to edit that song in later...could be " endless vacation " ? lastly , the song danny says , almost comes across as a punk beach boys song . overall , the anthology is often ' samey ' , but listenable nonetheless , with a handful of songs that i consider ' high rotation ' worthy . just remembered , " endless vacation " seems a terrific song too . will have to listen to that some more-i 've currently got the 1st cd in my cd player . p.s. listened to this song last night . really good-the fast talking bit in the song reminds me of the equally good , if not better song by australian act tism [or this is serious mum] - " [he 'll never be an] ol ' man river " , about river phoenix , amongst other people . tism , like the ramones , can do bad taste well . 
camera pos 195.txt canon 's bg-e3 battery grip is one awesome extra you cannot be without . i found the extra weight and size not to be even a minor burden . i rec 'd product 2 days after initial receiving date / 17th st photo did a fantastic job ( once again ) 
camera neg 712.txt i 've had this battery for half a year and i agree with a fellow reviewer 's assessment that the battery does not hold much power . i am diligent about expending all energy before recharging because they have memory , but this delkin model 's life span was noticeably short . now i am going to buy a new charger / battery altogether because i do n't want to buy another delkin battery 
music neg 279.txt god , i ca n't believe this guy . ja rule was never a gangsta in his life , he ca n't talk gangsta . and stop trying to be like tupac , tupac actually was a gangsta . your a fake and if he was still alive he would not only not role with you but diss you so badly you 'd wet your pants . this guy should be booted out of the game , not only his he lying when he talks all this gangsta s*** as if he went through it , his ruining hip hop . yeah and ja , stop dissing eminem and 50. you know perfectly well that they 'd kill you in a battle anyday . ja rule has always been s***. go listen to real rap 
music neg 404.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
music pos 696.txt one ca n't go wrong with this one . a classic , which according to the well written liner notes was recorded 3 days after opening night . and , a pit orchestra that sounds like a pit orchestra...before the days of electronic music 
dvd neg 334.txt i could not force myself to watch this film in its entirety . i think i made it about 45 minutes in . despite many fine actors , esp . the always interesting jeff bridges , who brings a layered sadness to many of his roles , i simply could not connect and did not care about these people . it was this huge budget american movie shorthand : we 're supposed to care because we 've been given a snippit of a scene that reminds us of something else , but it just does n't work for me . if i do n't care this far into the movie , it just wo n't happen . visually beautiful , and sky high production values on costumes and sets , it is wasted in these disjointed storytelling . whoever cast the extras has wonderful faces , which the cinematographer and editor took full advantage of , but why do n't we get faces like that in the major characters . of course chris cooper has that kind of face , but many others ( esp . all the " size 2 women " in the supporting roles ) seem to have stepped out of a commercial . the chicago tribune called this film " sleek and beautiful . " i will completely agree with that , but so are music videos . i kept asking myself , what is wrong , what is misfiring ? i really wanted to like it . some of it is the short-hand story telling , but the look was almost too pretty . when the cinematography is this gorgeous , you want and need to linger on something smaller and deeper , or really take all the time you need to connect with something bigger -a mini-series . ultimately , i began wondering if the original length was much longer , and it was cut down so much that it became fractured , and if that is the case , my apologies to the director . this is the kind of film that makes me ponder , what is it that european film-makers " get " that we lose in our big budget studio films ? is the system itself hurting some films , by sanitizing and conforming them , when they need to stick out like an unruly horse 's nose at the starting gate ? very beautiful , but no connection , and not satisfying.. . well , that 's a lot of things in hollywood in a nutshell , is n't it ? there are lots of special features on this dvd , but if i ca n't sit through the film , i do n't care about the extras . so glad i borrowed this instead of buying it ! i hear the book is something wonderful.. . 
camera pos 753.txt i 've been using 35mm slr cameras for over 30 years . for the last 9 or 10 years i have gone through several under $400 digital cameras as the technology has improved . this kodak z710 is a very economical compromise . the built-in 10x optical zoom is a great feature . the z710 does not have image stabilization ( is ) as do some of the more expensive models but if you have a moderately steady hand and you press the shutter button rather than pound it ( and the whole camera ! ) that 's not really a problem . another feature of this camera that i really appreciate is the manual settings position which allows much more creative control of a shot . check out the kodak web site for more information on this . i bought this camera from an amazon dealer for less than $200 shipped to me . that 's cheaper than a reconditioned unit ( same model ! ) recently sold on ebay 
health neg 555.txt amazon is claming : * great entry-level charger system * charges four aa / aaa nimh batteries in 6-10 hours * includes four 2300mah nimh aa batteries it is only 1800mah which makes these rechargeable an average capacity by today standards , while if it was as amazon claims it would have been a nice step up . shame on amazon , oversight or misrepresentation . charger is cheaply made . it can charge 4 aa or only 2 aaa . poor design . the charger that came with my camera can do 4 aaa , go figure . get something else . 
camera neg 942.txt bought this camera to have better print pictures than what i get with the digital . i 've tried using it in every mode auto , close-up , etc. but the autofocus never works so most of the pictures come out blurry ! my older simpler camera took better pictures 
music neg 303.txt this is a pep rally on cd ; an unsingable , emotionally charged pep rally . it really upsets me that this is the face of today 's christian music . the melodies are not easily singable at all , and the songs use all the same musical cliches . this is worship manipulation at it 's best . if you read the words to learn something concrete about god , you will find nothing of substance . they talk about actions to give god and our response to god , but no meat-and-potatoes of why we should be doing this . god is great , but why ? this is very disturbing , and completely unacceptable for congregational worship . 
camera neg 839.txt very dissappointed . my son ( i bought this for them ) hooked it up and there is so much interference it cannot be used . audio just static and noise . i did find it interesting that the instructions tell you it might not work . try telling this to me before i purchase thank you . this is the last i purchase equipment on-line . i will stick to books thank you very much 
music pos 429.txt one of the greatest rap albums of all time . wicked backgrounds and rhyming 
camera neg 47.txt i got this for my s70. first off , in order to use it , you have to set the s70 to " radio control " ( about 9 button pushes ) . then you had better stay no further away than six feet or so ( and only in *front* of the camera-the remote does n't work from the rear ! ) . oh , and if you want to adjust your framing , forget it-the zoom is immobilized . if you need a " cable release , " i strongly suggest simply using the self-timer built into the camera . it gives you 2-second and 10-second settings , and you 're almost certain to have a steady tripod by that time . 
music neg 898.txt if this is n't worst dead album then in the dark is 
music pos 648.txt first off , i 'd like to say that i am not a country music fan , but i am a johnny cash fan . he transcends the genre that turned his back on him in his later years , but here the man can do no wrong . now , i bought the 2000 " expansion " release of this concert which at the time was dubbed the " complete concert recording " . it was misleading because i had seen the british documentary ( the dvd of this is included in the set ) in which johnny & friends were performing songs i never knew existed from this legendary event because they were absent on cd . now this is the full sha-bang , complete with amazing packaging , the concert spread over two cds , and the dvd mentioned above . if you bought the previous cd like i did , let me tell you , this is worth the upgrade as it seems this is the " definitive end to all release " of johnny singing to the boys at san quentin . for new fans , the single cd release might be the best place to start since it has at least 85% of what johnny sang that night at san quentin . the rest of the legacy tracks feature the carter family , carl perkins , and the statler bros . so if you 're looking for a " johnny cash " solo concert , then get the single cd version . if you want the absolute complete version in a great package , 40 page booklet , and he legendary british documentary of this concert for the first time on dvd ; the legacy edition of this memorable night is the way to go 
camera pos 422.txt for years now i have been buying " bargain " cameras with the foolish notion that i did not need a nice one . finally , i got sick of it and bought the exilim ex-z600. this camera is awesome . the screen is huge , the picture quality is great , it is easy to use and is sooo small . overall , a great buy . the one downside is that i can only connect it to my computer using the dock . luckily , i have an sd card reader , so i normally just use that to download my pictures 
camera pos 903.txt the best binoculars i have owned , and i have had many . excellent clarity , great field of view too . nice size also not to big , not to small . you cant go wrong with this fine set , highly recommended 
music pos 638.txt i pretty much agree with ej rupert , but the good songs on this soundtrack are so strong that they make this album damn near classic all by themselves . i gave this album 4 stars for that very reason . though it was never released as a single , " my block " is one of tupac 's best songs ( pre death row era is the best ' pac in my opinion ) . i do n't think there 's any question that every rap music fanatic recognizes red and meth 's " how high " as an unquestionable classic ( and this is the grimy version of how high....not the fluffy remix ) . i still get open to that beat 11 years later . though it is somewhat formulaic , " poppa luv it " is still a dope cut from ll cool j . bone thugs n harmony , mary j . blige , and onyx contribute " everyday thang " , " everday it rains " , and " live ! ! " which show each artist in vintage form in my humble opinion . also , " sowhatyousayin ' " is the ideal west coast gangsta track in my mind . even when you get past those great tracks , you have other bangers like " kill dem all " [kali ranks] , " glamour & glitz " [a tribe called quest] , and " still ca n't fade it " [warren g.] that still make for a great listening experience . hell , even the dove shack blew up on the strength of " summertime in the lbc " . and the live version of biggie 's " me & my b*tch " is definitely different from the studio version and it 's great . there 's plenty to love about this album . i also agree that there are too many filler tracks . " what 's up star " , " ol ' skool " , " domino 's in the house " and " zoom zooms & wam wam " all fall under the filler category . actually , the filler tracks are the only things wrong on this album and i 'd say that only 10% of the album is filler . the rest is bangin' . the show soundtrack is definitely a worthwhile pick up for any hip hop fan . there are bangers on this album that make it a must own . if you were into hip hop around the time this came out , you remember when half of these songs were played for the first time . there are definitely some classic tracks on this album . i highly recommend it . also , for those of you that want more artists represented , check out the " rhyme & reason " soundtrack ( which is pretty much similar to this , but with better collabos ) . you 'll find a lot of artists there too . standout tracks : poppa luv it , my block , live ! ! ! , kill dem all , summertime in the lbc , how high ( my favorite ) , everyday thang , everyday it rains , and me & my b*tch [live 
camera pos 93.txt i am 67 years old and started out in photography as a kid with a contact printer and a box camera . i have had all types of cameras over the years , mostly 35mm film canon slr's . i too bought all sorts of these 5-7 mp point and shoot digital cameras before returning to my true love , slr's . i have had my digital canon rebel xt about a month now and i ca n't keep my hands off of it . it lacks nothing . although the kit lense is good , i bought a 28-135 canon zoom lense with image stabilizion and have produced stunning photo 's with it . i love the way you can use the 7 points to focus , i mainly use only the center point with focus lock and never get an out of focus picture . i guess the nicest thing for me is that i now do n't have the urge to buy every point and shoot camera that is paraded out on qvc or hsn that has a " wonderful " new feature like " low light or non-shake . " this canon has every good feature in the known universe and you ca n't outgrow it . its a camera that will let you be as good as you can be , it wo n't hold you back . the battery life is great , the built in flash is good but i bought a 430ex and that 's even better . i never figure i 'm wasting money buying accessories for this camera as it will be my main squeeze for many years to come . i always missed my 35mm canon slr 's and now feel that i have an old friend back again , only much much better . believe me , you ca n't go wrong getting this camea , its beyond description.. . 
music neg 3.txt tihs album is not all that good when it came out in still not good till this day . i like all his other albums better i do n't know why he decided to release this crap.but the only song i really like is hip hip qurtables 
camera neg 379.txt fuji fails to honor warrantee - do n't buy from them do not buy the fuji digital camera . they charged me $[...] for a fix within the warrantee period . their support manager told my wife the cameras are not being built well and dust gets inside destroying the gears . rather than fixing them they replace them and then they charged me for the replacement even though it still had months left on the warrantee . [... 
music pos 800.txt i have listened to the cuts from this cd and was amazed at how quickly it transported me back to the time . there were several tracks that i was delighted to see since the artists were not popular enough to have an entire album re-released . if you are in a mood for a good dose of nostalgia , this is the set for you ! 
camera neg 586.txt the manufacturer apparently states this case is compatible with the panasonic fz1 ( and by extension the fz3 which has an identical body ) . i bought it and can report that it is not compatible with the fz1. with just the lens cap on you have to jam it into the bag sideways and then wrestle with the camera to get it back out . if you prefer to use the camera with the lens hood adapter on the camera ca n't fit in the bag at all . there 's also no padding to speak of with this case . by comparison my lowe case for my canon eos elan provides a secure , padded repository and you can put the camera in lens down with the strap on top so the camera can easily be withdrawn again . targus makes decent laptop cases , but they have a great deal to learn about camera cases apparently . apparently it does fit some cameras , just not the panasonic fzs . considering the product is made in china one should be able to expect a bit more at this price 
music pos 379.txt this soundtrack cd is the perfect compliment to the visionary film- -cater burwells score is a pitch-perfect aural equivocation of the profound sadness and blithe absurdity on display , with his sense of minimalist suggestiveness and rich textural instincts shining bightly.also an added bonus of the above-mentioned dream combination- -bartok 's & quot ; allegro&quot ; ( i know diddly about classical music , but bartok rocks ! ! ) , and a typically great bjork song&quot ; amphibian&quot ; ( in two versions ) , that book-ends the album with an etherial , dream-like haze 
music pos 483.txt no doubt about it , from start to finish , this is a classic for anybody 's collection . i can remember back in the spring of ' 93 when the movie came out and it was a classic as well but the soundtrack matches up to what the movie was and this soundtrack sent a big message to a lot of us about what goes on the inner cities today . this was rap music at it 's best from spice 1 to dj quik . there will not be a soundtrack like this ever again that addresses what goes on in our neighborhoods . so add this to your collection if you still love the true gangster rap , west coast fan ( like myself ) , or just want to hear a great soundtrack 
music pos 390.txt with all the recent praise heaped on smile , orange crate art still remains largely under-recognized and under-appreciated . sure , smile was supposed to be this grand copelandesque landscape of america , from plymouth rock to the grand cooley dam . but for my money brian and van dyke parks did it so much better with orange crate art. having written , what everyone unanimously agrees to be the most california of all anthems , fun fun fun , i get around and california girls , brian turns his attention to a california not of hot rods and surf , but of sun drenched valleys rich with citrus and vine . here wilson and parks celebrate and pay homage to the likes of jack london and john steinbeck . and if all this were not enough , we 're treated to my hobo heart , a latter day van dyke parks / michael hazelwood masterpiece . there 's also the lovely palm tree & moon , a dreamy little ode to a moonlit beach , territory not unfamiliar to brian . and summer in monteray is so unabashedly nostalgic it would even make clint eastwood blush . if you have n't become familiar with this so very underated collection yet , you really ca n't call yourself a brian wilson / van dyke parks fan until you give this one a fair shot . you might even find yourself humming sail away or hold back time while in the shower . i know i did 
camera neg 908.txt i bought this frame to display pictures of my newborn daughter on my desk at work . i did n't really have high expectations for it , because it was so inexpensive . as soon as it was turned on i had the following problems : 1 ) five seconds after i turn it on , it always says " usb connected ! " - - and i do n't have a usb cable inserted into it ! this also freezes the device . i found a way around this by selecting the memory card to read from within this initial 5 seconds or turning the frame on without any memory cards inserted . 2 ) i cannot copy files over to it as described in pages 33-35 of the manual . my computer does recognize the usb device , but when i try to copy files over to the frame , i get a " path is not found " error . 3 ) i thought i could live with the above 2 problems if it could just show my pictures . so i used a card reader to load .jpg files onto a cf card at 400x300 resolution . when , i plugged the card into the frame , these files show up as " invalid " when i try to view them . emailed coby with the 3 bullet points above , got a response 30 hours later saying : " coby tech support to me 5:25 am ( 3 hours ago ) hello , we have received your inquiry . it appears that your unit is defective . return the unit to the retailer for an exchange . " what an inconvenience and disappointment . i will be buying a different product 
music pos 187.txt this is the jacksons second album for epic and producers gamble and huff . it would be their last with gamble and huff but together they made a great album that doesnt get the play it should . music 's takin over , different kind of lady and do what you wanna are great , catchy dance tracks . the real greatness here lies in the ballads where michael 's voice is in peak form . even though you 're gone and find me a girl are classic ballads . so good , i feel that find me a girl is probably the best michael jackson song you 've never heard . this is probably michael jackson 's most overlooked album and its one of his best ! the jacksons all sing together great and you can see why destiny and triumph were such big hits after this one was recorded . overall , great ballads , catchy feel good dance tracks , and michael jackson singing his heart out . get this , you will not be dissaponted 
music pos 38.txt i just want to put it out there...audra mcdonald is an absolute genious . everything she touches turns to gold , and i just want to smack some of you for saying that she failed in her attempt to make a great record . this may not be the audra that we are used to , but if you listen closely she 's near by . so this cd is a little less difficult vocally . so what ? my favorite quality of ms. mcdonald 's is that she is emotionally connected to whatever she is singing . she could record twinkle twinkle little star and i would want to listen to it over and over again because she tells a story . so if you buy this cd , listen to it more than once . let it grow on you . let audra do her thang children . let her do her thang . 
music neg 653.txt if you are buying this because you love rob , be aware this is the rob wearing his goblin cock hat . if you are n't familiar with this incarnation...let 's just say it ai n't the rob of pinback or heavy vegetable fame . same guy , different sensitivity . i fell in love with rob because he seemed to make sense out of all the nonsense out there . on this outing , rob has met the enemy and it is himself . he 's entitled to do as he pleases and you and i are entitled to not care for it . this cd is not an acquired taste , it is a forced-feeding 
music pos 590.txt this mix starts off heavy , and never lets up , with the quirky , yet hard hitting vocal track grace ( anxiety ) by troy pierce ( as louderbach ) starting things off in a very energetic way . this track worked well in sascha funke 's boogy bytes 2 mix , but it was deep into the mix . i feel it 's even more effective starting a mix off . things quickly lighten up with the bloopy claude vonstroke next , and then it 's into the m.a.n.d.y. remix of tiefschwarz 's excellent track damage , featuring tracey thorn of everything but the girl on vocals . two solid tech house tracks follow , especially touane 's snappy track bassic , and it 's right into the gritty , churning , techno sound of thomas schumacher 's incredible track rotor . the mix then hits a very slight snag in track 7 , which i feel is one of only two so-so parts of the mix . it 's not bad , it 's just a little too light and bubbly tech house for my liking . it 's quickly forgotten as the mix races through with 4 solid tracks in a row , and right after the melodic freefall , it 's into tiefschwarz 's own remix of a depeche mode track . this is the only other slight miss in the mix for me , as i feel the track was a tad too long at nearly 7 minutes , and could have been trimmed to better fit the flow of the mix . another solid melodic track is next , and we end with the dubbed out vocals of kate wax . overall , it 's an exciting tech house mix that 's a full lineup of solid tracks , with not a bad one in sight , and very few dips in the scorching pace of one , very sound , top to bottom mix . do not miss picking this one up , as it 's easily in the top 5 techno / tech house mixes this year 
camera neg 16.txt i am on my third off-camera cord ( about one per year ) . two have broken . as other reviewers noted , the four screws under the metal retaining clip on the " female " end of the cord loosen and eventually fail . i have found that a thin narrow knife can be used to remove the black " spring " cover over the screws on the shoe . you can then tighten the screws with a screwdriver . if you use locktite on the screws then they will not loosen . canon should do this at the factory . i use this cord with a stroboframe " portrait / landscape " grip which raises the flash over the camera by six inches thus eliminating red eye and providing a much more pleasing light . the stroboframe grip comes with the right size threaded screw for this cord . when my cords failed i lost the extended-through the lens metering just like another reviewer noted . i am not a professional photographer and only use the camera occasionally yet the cord still fails . canon should re-engineer this cord to make it more durable . unfortunately , i do not believe that there are alternative cords . it looks like i will need to keep buying canon cords 
camera pos 188.txt the other day i used a friend 's standard digital camera for a little while . the whole time i found myself missing the manual zoom , instant response and convient manual buttons on my d50. this camera takes amazing pictures . as an dslr beginner i used the camera in auto mode for the first several weeks , now after reading some books on photography i 'm slowing starting to use the manual features . the d50 lets me choose the level of control that i 'm comfortable with , from full manual to full automatic ; and both options are just a turn of the dial away . the body of this camera is built like a tank . metal and high quality plastics abound . the buttons provide good feedback and the switches feel solid and durable . it is a beautiful piece of precision engineering 
music neg 900.txt there is not enough space for me to explain why this film ( and soundtrack ) are woefully inadequate of the name dr. seuss . the fact that there are so many songs on the album screams commercialism ( what the book was complaining about , wake up people ! ) and james horner 's score which has a couple of nice moments but does n't have that seussian sound . ' where are you christmas ' is annoying beyond all reason and i mean both versions . and whose bright idea was it to have jim carrey mangle ' you 're a mean one ' ? if you 're looking for a more grinch like score , go find elfman 's nightmare before christmas 
camera neg 478.txt we bought one of these in the spring of ' 05. we took it on vacation in july of ' 05 and the lcd screen blacked out a few days into our vacation . i called hp and was informed that a reconditioned ( used ) camera was all that i could get . the camera was still under the manufacturers ' warranty , but their policy was to replace it with a used camera , not a new one . i had to settle for the " reconditioned " camera . it has been ok since then . hp 's customer service is at best mediocre . there are the usual annoying and seemingly endless voice prompts in order to get to an actual service rep , and since hp has out-sourced all of its tech support to the third world , i had a hard time understanding the reps i spoke to . this camera also eats a ton of batteries and takes a few seconds to engage after depressing the button , which is annoying if you 're trying to photograph anything other than a posed shot . all in all , disappointing . i will never buy another hp camera 
camera pos 985.txt after reading the reviews here and at [...] on this baby , i was a little cocerned about its low-light and indoor performance . let me be the first to say that my fears were largely unfounded . yes , if you film in very low light , it will darken many colors . but we 're talking 60 lux , which is the roughly equivalent to the light put off from the candles of a birthday cake . just keep the lights on when your kid blows out the candles , and viola ! seriously , i have had absolutely no problems with it filming too dark indoors , outdoors , or even when i film local bands playing in dark bars . the reason i wanted to try this camera was because it is the only flash-based camera that is receiving even mildly positive reviews . i do not want a tape mechanism that will break , nor a fragile hard drive that cannot be used in many film-worthy conditions ( think snow skiing , as the drive mechanism will freeze up on you in very cold weather ) . as i said , i was skeptical when i purchased it , but no more . the videos are far better than any other camcorder i 've owned . my last was a canon zr 50 mini dv , and this camera takes vastly superior videos than that one . the four stars is only because of the mpeg2 format this records to . i have a mac , so editting requires that i convert to dv with streamclip so that imovie can import the movies . mainly , i just do n't edit my home videos so that has n't been a problem . but if would have been nice for it to be an easier option , and it could have been if they encoded to mpeg4 with h264 and mp3 / aac , which appears to be the next standard . if that concerns you , or if you want hd , you might wait until the panasonic sd1 is available because it records in avhdc which is a form of mpeg4. of course , imovie does n't yet support that either , so you may have to wait until ilife 07 to really use it . in parting , i will also mention that the size of this unit is absolutely fabulous . i no longer dread lugging around even my smallish mini dv camera . this thing literally fits in my jacket pocket , so i end up filming a lot more than i did with previous cameras . if you 're looking for small , flash-based , and good quality video , get this camera , you 'll love it 
music pos 893.txt nothing deep , by any means , but simply a light , airy listen , with a compilation of quirky tropical tunes . even though the songs ( most of them ) were n't in the movie , they remind me of it , of the whole hawaiian atmosphere . my favorite tracks , excluding the ones included on the previous cd , are blue hawai'i ( by elvis ) , my little grass shack , coconut ( it 's just bizarre , but addicting , making you smile with absurdity ) , island in the sun , pineapple princess , and love me tender . again , it 's nothing dramatic or swirling , but it you adored lilo & amp ; stitch ( and how can you not ? ) and all it stood for , this cd might just bring some warmth into a cold day . do n't think about it . listen and pretend you 're there 
camera neg 855.txt when it was new out of the box it worked for baseball about 50% of the time if i was within a few feet of the pitcher or catcher . it seemed to become less effective each time i used it to the point that now i 'm lucky to get a reading 10% of the time . it still works for clocking cars but for baseball it is almost useless . 
music pos 369.txt blue note was on the mark to re-release this classic . tina brook 's style of blues laced jazz is a sound that will bring joy to your soul . a must have cd for any jazz collection 
camera pos 671.txt i got this camera so i could have more control . i 'm learning to use the shutter and aperture settings...i have n't explored all the fancy settings much , but there are tons of them . i really like the continuous shooting option so i 'm more likely to catch a good action shot . the wide-angle lens has also allowed me to get some pretty cool shots and the macro settings work great for close-ups . i think it 's one of the best buys you can find if you want to take some pretty cool photos , but do n't feel quite ready for an slr 
music pos 236.txt what else can be said about this great cd ? it 's one of the best pop records ever made and you never get sick of hearing these 10 songs . " child of vision " is the best ( the piano solo is killer ) of the best , but this is one of those rare cd 's that you just pop in and let the entire thing play till the end ( no skipping over songs you do n't like ) . a true classic 
camera neg 270.txt unless you take picture outside , no matter what you do , the picture comes out blurry . flash does n't help at all - it takes more than 5 seconds for it to take a picture , and you still get a blurry picture with horrible quality indoors . my sister had a camera from olympus , with 5 megapixel and 3x zoom too , but i found it so much easier to take a picture ( and a better one too ) with that one . unless you want to buy your 5th grader his / her toy camera , you should n't consider nikon 5600. 
music pos 320.txt this album was so good to hear when it came out . i like every song on here but my favorites are " still dre " , " the watcher " , " xxplosive " , " what 's the difference " and " forget about dre . those are my favorites but there a lot of other songs that people will like . recommend this album highly to rap fans . buy this album you have nothing to loose because its dre one of the best producers in the game right now so click on add to cart and be happy you hearing this classic 
software pos 412.txt do n't listen to the whinnier . if you are serious about improving your focus and memory skills , this helps . you must use this program for 15 minutes everyday or you will be wasting your time and money . it is worth the effort ! i noticed immediate results of being able to retain more info and having more focus at work . i also purchased the music cd 's produced by the same company . they are helpful as well . i use them at work , at home , and in the car . the brain builder booklet mentions the cd's . if you want to stop looking stupid because you ca n't remember information or you 're tired of getting lost while driving , this will help you 
camera neg 682.txt this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks . 
camera neg 790.txt after reading the great reviews regarding the vct870rm tripod ( here and elsewhere ) , i decided to purchase one for my sony hdr-hc1 camcorder . when i first opened the box , the vct870rm seemed sturdy and well made . the tilting action was smooth and had a nice touch , and the remote controls on the handle worked well . however , the panning action was so stiff that while attempting to pan , the main column would twist and the handle would bend slightly . it felt like the tension control knob was tightened , but that was not the case . in fact , the panning continued to drag severely even with the tension knob completely removed . i recently found a vct870rm review from about 5 years ago where somebody else was having the same problem with stiff panning . however , due to all of the other great reviews for this tripod , i 'm assuming that i just received a bad one . i 'm now in the process of working with amazon to get a replacement sent to me . so far , amazon has been great , as they 've already scheduled ups to come to my home and pick up the defective tripod the very next day . they say that i 'll receive my new tripod next week . i 'll post here on the status of the new one when it arrives . update : i received a new replacement vct870rm tripod from amazon , and this one works great . panning and tilting are both very smooth , and the tension is adjustable . if i 'd have received this tripod originally , i would 've given it 5 stars . the first vct870rm i received was definitely defective . i 'm glad i returned it , and i 'm glad i bought it through amazon ( best price at the time , and a hassle-free return ) 
music pos 353.txt i 'm biased , because i loved the movie and adore the book . gregson-williams does an outstanding job here ( before this , i was most familiar with his score work on metal gear solid videogames ) . the music is extremely touching and magical . the " evacuating london score " ( from the scene in the train station ) tugs at the heartstrings . and the " battle score " brings back the images of the dynamic battle at the movie 's climax . one song that 's missing is the 1940s jazz song played in the movie when the kids are playing hide and seek . other than that absence ( probably due to copyright restrictions ) , this is an excellent cd . as for the " bonus " dvd - i probably would n't purchase it if i had a second chance . it 's got some nice gallery art of movie stills and concept art . there is only one trailer , and it is not the very first one released , which opens with the kids at the mansion and really gets the blood pumpin ' with its intro of the wardrobe . there are also behind-the-scenes interviews i have n't watched yet , but i wonder if they 'll appear again when the movie dvd is released . 
camera neg 181.txt i purchased the canon powershot s500 digital elph last march . i kept getting blurry pictures so i called canon technical support . they went through the whole procedure to make sure my camera was all set up . well i followed their directions but everything was the way it should have been . so they said i should send it in because there was obviously a problem with it . then i sent it in and had to pay for the shipping there . they sent it back and said they had switched out some optical thing . well i just finally went to get my pictures developed and they all have the same problem . they never fixed the problem . mind you this was the approximately 9 months of my son 's life before the age of 2. i called tech support and ended up having to wait more than 24 hours for a call back from a supervisor . she said they would send me pre paid envelope to check out the camera . well i was greatful and had to tell her that during babysitting in late august a little boy had dropped my camera so there was damage to the outside part of the camera , but it did not effect the quality of the pictures because they were the same as prior to the day it was dropped . she said that they would probably not cover it due to the fact that it might have been caused by the dropped camera . i told i have proof of when it happened and that the pictures prior to that date are coming in blurry just like it was before i sent it in the first time . i started to cry that my son 's 9 months are all ruined and she was practically laughing when i got off the phone . the camera is worse than a disposable camera . do n't waste your time or money on this piece of junk . i recommend olympus . my olympus prior to this was only 3 megapixels and was better quality than this piece of junk . i am planning on contacting the better business bureau regarding this matter . please do n't waste your time on this , like i have to ! i hope this helps people make better choices ! good luck ! i wish someone could have forecasted this for me 
camera neg 51.txt image quality is pathetic . it generates ludicrous amounts of noise even at the lowest iso ( 80 ) . rest assured , you will be disappointed . i returned mine within a day 
camera neg 325.txt i really do n't know how to write a " helpful " review for this camera , i 'm not a photographer ; all i can say is that i was not satisfied with my purchase , so.. . *** if you 're having trouble deciding which digital camera to get ( like i was a few months ago ) , save your time and effort and start looking at other cameras . *** here are my complaints : flash is too strong ( blinding , in fact ) . please do not take this complaint lightly , the flash is brighter than you think ( it actually hurts , i 'm talking physical pain here ) . i actually fear it might have some long term effects , this alone is a deal-breaker for me ! it 's beyond me how this got past the testing stages at nikon . sure , you can turn the flash off . but that only brings me to my other major complaint ! the lighting must be almost perfect if you want to take a semi-decent picture without the flash . the lens do not respond well to artificial lighting , at all , pictures either come out all grainy ( if it 's slightly dark ) or with huge white patches all over if there 's a lot of light in the background . even when the lighting is almost perfect , you lose a lot of quality ( even when using the highest settings , 6mp ) . the scene modes did n't help much , i tried everything , all the different modes offer so little difference , very gimicky in my opinion . even if you want to endure the pain and suffering of the mighty flash , there 's a chance the pictures will come out somewhat unclear , why ? i have no clue what so ever . i might take the same exact picture at the same exact conditions and settings a minute apart and a slightly different pose ( but still stable ) , and one would be blurry while the other is crystal clear ! must admit though , the swivel design is very practical and makes things so much easier . the video mode is great as well . if you do n't mind inflicting serious pain onto yourself and others via the blinding flash , then i must admit , the pictures do come out nicely . ( most of the time 
camera pos 183.txt works great on my s2is , clicked on silver on main page but switched to black on order form , did n't notice this but i like the black anyway . looks good with acc 
music pos 649.txt mountain music offers what alabama is famous for , great music and great harmony all packaged together . the title cut is great , that harmonica and & quot ; old man of the mountain&quot ; intro is unique . as for & quot ; close enough to perfect&quot ; if any man sings that song to his lady , she is his forever . the cuteness of & quot ; never be one&quot ; also reminds us of the sadness that our children grow up so fast we hardly know it . there is n't a bad song on the whole cd and will make a good addition to any collection 
camera pos 301.txt this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 ! 
camera neg 619.txt to add on to the previous reviewers , i was very disappointed with this camera 's performance . i compared the " 5 megapixel " photos with photos taken with my canon , powershot g3 ( 4megapixels ) , and the scd6550 simply did not produce the same quality stills . the camera itself also seemed flimsy . the idea of having a two-in-one camera is so attractive . but another attractive concept , canon 's elura50 , offered a camcorder with a compact design . in the end , however , it broke down only after a year and a half . for a $500 purchase that is not a durable lifespan ( cf. reviews for elura50 and you will see that many are having hardware problems ) . this camera seemed less durable than the elura50 as i maneuvered the various parts and dials . of course , i am returning the camera before it can prove its durability . nevertheless , maybe the folks at cnet can stake their money on it . lastly , i should add that the positioning of the record button and function dials are poorly placed . i found that i had to use both hands when switching back and forth from camcorder to still cam modes as well as simply engaging the record button . this definitely takes away from the idea of a convinient solution for capturing those special moments . again , this camera is a great idea . but , i suppose we should wait until the manufacturers make one that has both solid hardware and quality image recording . this one is on the right track , but , still so far from accomplishing a quality product . 
music neg 446.txt do not buy this cd . he is definitely wack . his silly rhyme style and dull voice sounds lethargic over uninspired beats . as a member of " children of the corn " he was weak and he still is weak . the other member of his dip-set crew outshine him on his own cd...how lame is that . through away any cam'ron cd 's you own and immediately replace them with music by jay-z . 
music pos 238.txt really nothing on this is bad . the best imho is rubyhorse , the brian jonestown massacre and the subways but a case could be made for any of the songs . the only problem is now i have 8 other cds i need to buy 
camera pos 579.txt this case is extremely stylish , high grade leather , with a very strong magnetic closure and a useful belt clip . highly recommended for sony t10 and other camera models listed in description 
camera pos 839.txt due to a canoe accident on vacation , mine went completely underwater for at least 5-10 seconds . but - only a trickle of water got inside . once that dried out , much to my surprise , both the af and vr functions worked fine . all that 's left is two small water spots on the inside of the objective lens ( okavango delta water is clean ! ) . do n't try this at home . next time i 'm even near a canoe , i 'll have everything in dry bags . 
camera neg 660.txt if you want to load directly from your camera 's memory card the system takes forever to copy photos to the internal card . there is no " copy all " function . loading information from a computer did n't work . the usb connection was not recognized by windows xp and i could n't find any drivers on the web . a setup cd would be a nice addition . btw the screen was not as large as one might think . it is very wide but not tall and it crops the top & bottom of most pictures making it great for shots of the grand canyon but not for portraits of people 
dvd pos 930.txt the muppets take manhattan will keep your children imused from the very begining . the music in cordination with the muppets of all different kinds keep the minds of young children going at all times . i would recomend this movie would be great for children starting at age 2.5 and older 
music pos 371.txt comparing gogol bordello and juf is like comparing apples and oranges . i have seen gogol live more times than i have fingers and toes to count on . when i bought juf i did not expect to hear anything remotely resembling a gogol album . this is a dancehall album . you like it or you do n't , but just remember it is a side project . it does not make any sense to compare it to other gogol albums . listen before you buy 
music pos 14.txt this is a wonderful , fun and soothing cd ! it will relax children and parents will enjoy it even after the 100th listen ! ! my husband is a musician and he loves both of the dan zanes cds we have . this will now be a gift i give to all my friends and family when they have a baby 
camera pos 452.txt i needed a new camera to replace my very old digital camera , so i ordered this one and could not be happier with it . it has all kinds of features , including some manual control options like white balance , etc. for those people who like to mess with that stuff ( i 'm more of an auto person , myself ) . i used it on vacation last month and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of pictures , after taking only a few test shots to get familiar with the camera . the camera is very easy to use and gives you a basic user manual to get you started , and also a detailed manual to help you find out how everything works on the camera . the movie mode works good , too . the colors come out bright and vivid . the lag time between pictures is minimal , which is one of the main things i hated about my old 1.3mp panasonic palmcam , and the 7.1mp makes for some excellent detail in your pictures . the only bad thing about the camera , in my opinion , is that it does n't have a movement stabilizer ( or whatever it is called ) , so it can be prone to shaking , especially when you zoom using the digital zoom . i like that the camera is small and lightweight , but it is not one of those super thin ones that you feel like you could break in half . overall , i think this is a great camera , and i do n't think you can find a better camera for the price 
music pos 434.txt i 'm not sure what to call this cd other than genius . this was the first cd i 've heard from sonata arctica and it 's still my favorite . i 'm not really really big on power metal / epic metal , but i defintely enjoy sa and kamelot . with that said , i think this cd can even entertain those not interested in power metal . my friend enjors radio rock and rap , but after hearing me play this cd where we work , he begged me to make him a copy . towards the actual cd , i 'm not quite sure i can put what 's in it into words . songs like silver tongue and broken have a very distinct , unique sound . the ballads , draw me and the misery are both superb efforts , each making the listener feel tony kakko 's pain . my favorite song would have to be a dead heat between the misery and gravenimage . the keyboardist in this band works in overdrive in each song . he plays fast , and keeps the melody in each beautiful and interesting ( and lighthearted at times ) . the guitarist plays very fast when he needs to , and the right power chords other times . he 's quite good . overall , the sound they eminate is as uplifting as it is rocking . they do a great job . the lyrics seem much better than older releases ( english lessons ? ) but still can be a bit odd . " ...with long haired drummer in band " springs to mind . still at least they write about mundane things.. . i love kamelot , but the knight in shining armor routine will get old eventually . anyway , the vocals are very well done , he obviously quite talented and the band harmonizes quite well , too . ( they 'd make queen jealous ! ) overall , i ca n't praise this cd enough . every song is an adventure , none of them a tedious or unnecessary one at that . i would say that anyone could enjoy this cd , but i 'd first recommend it to those who are tired of the american screamfest metal that 's going on today . then i 'd recommend it to power metal fans , and so on . simply put , this is one of the best cds i own . give it a chance 
camera pos 934.txt multi-element add-on lense used with kodak dx-7590 provides good wide-angle capability . note that this is a very large add-on lense ( screws into dx-7590 extension-piece which costs an additional $20 ) . does the job well in most portraiture and scenic applications , however two caveats : ( 1 ) slight curvature of field in extreme corners of wide-angle shots ( ie , corners of shots may be noticeably out of focus ) . suggest cropping to 95% of original picture to maintain sharpness across plane . ( 2 ) size of lense will render pop-up flash and outside the lense focusing system ( ultra-sonic ) less functional . 
camera pos 958.txt very good camera . this was a present for my wife as she needed a new camera . she picked it out and liked that it came as a complete kit . directions can be hard to follow at times and could be printed larger . takes some getting used to . zoom lense works great and takes good pictures . where the on-off button is so close to the shutter , you have to be careful that you do n't accidentally shut the camera off . she is very satisfied with it . 
camera neg 979.txt this was my second camcorder - after a canon that lasted 2 years but developed motor noise . this panasonic literally suddenly died after only 3 months ( well , 3 months and a week - thereby a week too late for the warranty and a " too bad , so sad " response from panasonic ! ) . i had used it to film a wedding - it had terrible indoor quality and poor sound quality and obviously had a short pathetic lifespan . do not buy this camera 
camera neg 440.txt nice looking . good quality . but the case has two large flaps on the sides which make it difficult to put the camera in and out . 
music pos 436.txt the most juiced-up sountern rock around . check out the tango guitar on " too hard to handle " and i always get a kick out of rick 's ole ' man . it 's a shame that there are n't bands like this around today . 
music neg 735.txt i agree with " music fan " about this cd . eden is a good album , and she 's a good artist . but either this album was poorly produced or something , because this does not show her best . i would n't classify this as world music at all , because the instruments are n't used and it 's more classical pop ; if that 's a genre . it seemed rambly to me with many of the songs sounding similar and lacking originality . i love her , she 's unique in her genre . but she really shines as a classicist , with classics , her work by andrew lloyd webber ( who she married ) and operatic albums . this is what she 's best at , so her collaborations on eden and la luna , which are classical in nature but still allowed her to branch out musically , turned out good . i have a lot of her albums , but i would n't buy this one . it 's more something to listen to once . a few of the songs are good , the album is n't terrible , but it 's not very good 
camera neg 433.txt just bought a sony t9 in tokyo last april 10 , 2006 ( 7 months ago ) . and suddenly 2 weeks ago , the screen went dim practically can not see anything . the power on / off also not working . all happened at the same time . try to repair at sony service station in shanghai as i am residing there for the moment . very indifferent customer service staff refuse to repair , despite that i do have a world wide guarantee card and the receipt from the tokyo shop as well as the complete boxes . the sony people there are really not helpful at all . most probably we suspect , they do n't want to shoulder the cost for repairing under guarantee from sony worldwide . it is shameful for such a big name like sony . definitely , i will not buy again from sony . change to olympus for the replacement and also cancel my bravia lcd purchase . i do not recommend buying goods from sony as you might have the same experiences ( poor hardware quality and services ) 
camera pos 291.txt this seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer . basically it 's the shape of an open box that slides firmly onto the flash . it is small and sturdy enough to stash in your camera bag without worrying about damage . when used the light disperses more evenly and is less harsh on the subject being photographed . the white box is for general use . also available are the green omni-bounce for florescent lighting and the gold omni-bounce for a warming effect . pros : inexpensive solution for better flash photography . a quality product that works . cons : non 
music pos 283.txt overdrive , watching the rain , enchanted , teaching myself to dream , glow , lemon , because i can are really excellent songs , this album is really worth it . 
camera pos 328.txt up front : if you 're considering this lens , stop considering - and buy it . i had occasion to try the tamaron zoom in this range and noticed plastic-y digital qualities in some of the tamaron 's highlighted-texture areas . none of that is a problem with this canon beauty . i am using it as my normal lens . the contrast is razor-sharp enough to shave with . it 's graphic in monochrome and colors are pure and leap off the monitor like a politician attracted by a tv camera . it 's also light weight and plenty fast enough with practically no spherical abs... . tiny problems include an understandable perspective bulging on subjects about the edges . and there is some blue fringing on very high contrast edges . photoshop nails the latter dead'er than britney spears ' career . i 've had a need for reasonably large blow-ups , with most captures cropped , yet still enlarged up to prints that are minimally 13x20. at that size not only does this lens reproduce a subject 's pores , but you can peer down and see the stuff inside the craters . 
camera pos 522.txt i purchased this camera case for the kodak z650. this case is perfect for the kodak z650. it looks and feels like a high quality camera case and does allow for the storage of an sd card or two . i 'm very happy with this purchase 
music pos 221.txt i wore out my tape of cypress . afoot is great , but cypress is amazing . i bought this while stationed in the army . there were n't too many " new wave " tapes available at the px , and i was n't going to listen to def leppard or bon jovi . so i bought cypress . one of those rare tapes that i bought 20 years ago and still listen to every few months ( the jam 's snap and setting sons , and the smith 's hatful of hollow are 3 other tapes i never tired of ) . get this cd . get it now ! it is great . thanks for reissuing it . 
camera neg 938.txt my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [... 
camera neg 214.txt boy , this is way too much to pay for a hood on this lens . it 's a great a lens , but this is hardly worth the price 
camera pos 643.txt at least for now it is : - ) . during the course of the past 10-12 months i have owned 7 , that 's seven , digital cameras : canon s230 ; kodak v530 ; 5 different models of casio's : z60 , z600 , z850 , p700 ; and most recently presented my wife with a red s770 for valentine 's day . i also had a pretty good chance to evaluate canon sd450 ( my brother-in-law owns one - it was actually a gift from my wife and i to him for his 21st birthday ) , casio ex-s600 ( a good friend of mine owns one ) , and panasonic dmc-tz1 ( once again , a gift from my wife and i to my father-in-law for his last birthday ) . if you read any of my digital camera reviews ( and i 've written a few by now ) , then you know that i 'm not particularly fond of canon 's lately - i think they are overrated and overpriced for what they have to offer . as i also mentioned before , i 've tried several different kodak models ( and i used to work for the company too ! ) , but all of them turned out to be a waste of my time , to say the least . i became a big fan of casio 's , although not all of my experiences with them were great . but being a huge gadget " freak " that i am , and constantly wanting new " toys " , i have always craved for more . over time , my tastes in digital cameras have changed from having a simple point and shoot type of camera to wishing for more power and manual control . so one by one , i returned / sold all of my cameras , and after extensive ( and i really do mean extensive ) research , i got myself an lx2. i must say though that i probably would n't have without getting to know my father-in-law 's tz1 first . i was actually quite impressed with it . powerful zoom , sharp lens , decent picture quality . i also played with some other panasonic models in various stores just to get a better feel for them , as well as spent a few hours on the phone , and exchanged numerous e-mails with a friend of mine who owns an fz30 , and who swears by it . unfortunately , lx2 was not available anywhere locally , but i felt that i got a pretty good understanding of what panasonic 's cameras are all about , and after some more thought and consideration , i went ahead and bought it from amazon ( nice thing about buying from amazon is that you can always return whatever it is you bought , including digital cameras , within 30 days for a full refund , no questions asked ) . i did know about the " noise " issue at high iso 's , but it was n't a decisive factor for me , and i 'm glad i did n't pay much attention to it and got the camera anyway . it turned out to be one of the best purchases i 've made in a long while . here is why : pros : - superb design . this camera is wonderfully crafted . and i absolutely love black ! it gives the camera a nice , clean , professional look . i do n't think i 'll be buying another silver camera soon after having this one ; - intuitive controls , and menus . i charged the battery , put it into the camera , and started using it and taking pictures right away , without even going through the manual once ; - a load of features , including a large , bright , widescreen lcd ; wide angle , super sharp leica lens with a 4x zoom ; mega ois - optical image stabilization control ( optical means it 's done mechanically , which is a true way of doing stabilizing , comparing to other cameras where it 's done by " tricking " the camera into using higher iso 's ) ; and many more . in addition , it has a joystick for an easy access to different menus , has a number of manual controls , as well as provides ability to shoot in raw format ( more on that later ) ; - it comes with silkypix developer studio software for working with camera raw files . for someone who is not familiar with raw - it 's a " pure " , camera specific picture format . it varies upon a manufacturer , meaning that canon raw is different from nikon or panasonic raw , for example . and it 's " pure " in a sense that it 's of a much better quality than a standard jpeg ( jpg ) , and does n't suffer from loss of information , such as white balance , or brightness . there is a lot more to raw than that , and i 'm not going to go into details right now . what i want to say , however , is that having previously owned a camera which supported raw format ( casio ex-p700 ) , i must have tried about a dozen of different raw editing software packages , including products from adobe , ulead , arcsoft , photofiltre , picture window pro , acdsee , lightzone , image broadway , and more . silkypix delivered by far the best results of all . the only one that i would probably put next to it is bibble ; - noise - what noise ? ! i really hate it when i hear people complaining about noise in this camera ( after having it tried myself ) , or any other compact digital camera for that matter . are you really that nave that you think that you will get absolutely no noise in your images using a compact digital camera ? think again . you might have noticed that i 've used the word " compact " several times here . i 've done it on purpose - it is inevitable for a compact digital camera to produce some noise . some cameras are better than others , but no matter how hard you try , you will see some . this camera is no better or worse than any other one that i 've had / tried . at higher iso 's ( above 400 ) , it 's slightly more visible , but who in the right state of mind is using anything over iso 200 on a compact digital camera , such as this one , anyway ? i always have mine set to a 100. if i feel that it does n't get the job done , i shoot in raw ; - picture quality is very good . yes , it does take some time getting used to , but once you familiarize yourself with everything this camera is capable of , you can achieve spectacular results , especially if you do n't mind doing some post processing . as much as i like everything this camera has to offer , there are , however , some things that kind of irritate me . here is a short list of bad things about this camera , otherwise known as cons : - first of all , this camera has actually been somewhat misrepresented . it 's been advertised as a 10.2 megapixel camera , which is not entirely true . 10.2 mp resolution is available only in 16:9 ( wide ) aspect ratio . two more ratios are available - 3:2 , and a more conventional 4:3 , but those offer 8.5 , and 7.5 mp resolutions respectively . so if you compare this camera to others that do n't have a widescreen format , or if you prefer to shoot only in a regular 4:3 mode , then this camera should only be referred to as a 7 mp digital camera ( because not all the pixels are actually effective ) . obviously , panasonic is aware of it , and marketed it having higher pixel count on purpose , to boost consumer 's interest ; - i expected to see a compact digital camera . what i got instead was actually a smaller compact camera than i expected . i was really surprised to see how small , yet convenient to hold and operate , the camera body was . what i did n't like , however , was the lens . not the lens itself , it 's actually quite superb , but the fact that it sticks out . i like cameras with lenses that retract all the way back to the camera body . i realize that it would probably loose some features , like the wide angle , and perhaps zoom , but i still wish it did that . it would be so much more.. . umm.. . compact ? ! the way it actually is makes it quite difficult to find the right case for it . almost impossible , i should say . i 've tried a few , but they are either too small or too big . i just ca n't find one that would fit right . i put an order for an slx1b case for it , which is specifically designed to fit lx1 , and lx2 models , but i hear they are not that good . we shall see ; - i 'm not a big fan of a pop-up flash . i always keep forgetting to open it when i need to use it . and it also seems a bit flimsy . i 'm treating it as carefully as i can , but i just ca n't stop thinking that it might break soon ; - i hate the lens cap ! ! ! there , i said it . it 's probably just one of those small annoyances that keep frustrating you until you get used to it , but for now i 'm not really happy with it . summary : despite very few minor negatives , i think lx2 is probably one of the best , most innovative cameras on the market today , and i sure am glad to have one . it offers more than any other camera in the same price range , and can even compete with some dslr 's when it comes to picture quality . if you are someone like me , who wants to have more control and / or learn more about digital photography , or a dslr user who just needs a solid backup to carry everywhere , then this camera is not be overlooked ! highly recommended 
camera neg 143.txt i was all set to purchase this bag but wanted to try it out first . i had great difficulty finding one locally but finally after many many phone calls i located one bag and asked the merchant to hold it till i could get there to try it out . firstly , the bag is nice but does n't hold as much as i thought . it still could have worked for my but for one thing : this bag is not designed for those with a , er.....womanly build . it was the most uncomfortable bag i have ever tried out and looked absolutely ridiculous on me . so glad i was able to take it for a test drive before purchasing online . just a word of warning to the ladies ; - 
music pos 651.txt this is a wonderful view into what is the best and worst about a tedeschi concert . she can be as soulful as the best of the blues singers but it also exposes her weakness : she just ca n't rock enough to provide the balance her act needs . she 's terrific on the ballads but is n't a good enough guitar player to hold up the guitar playing for a band so they have to make do with her fabulous vocals . she 's got solid keyboards and vocals in support , so it 's not apparent until half way through the gig . but keyboards ca n't provide enough of an edge to the very few fast , upbeat songs and the whole concert lags . zzzzz by 2 / 3rds of the way through . look at the audience at the end of the concert when she plays a lethargic version of " i fell in love . " very few people ( besides the b3 player who has kept the only energy up through the show ) are energized . put this dvd on when you 're in bed with a glass a red wine with your loved one and the fireplace is going and it 'll be terrific , at least until you fall asleep 
camera pos 550.txt buy this cable through amazon and you wo n't be sorry . i looked all over the internet and its sometimes hard to find a good company online to buy through and after the manufacture was sold out these cables , a friend told me about amazon , i typed in the cable number and amazon had it in stock . i decided to order this and hope for the best well sure enough the cable arrived on time just like amazon said . i know have a great working usb cable for my digital camera . i order three since all my friends and family always ask to borrow mine and the fact that i need a replacement . if i had the money i would buy five of these . its the fact that me , my family , and friends are always misplacing are cables or losing them . so i order this cable through amazon . its nice to know if i lose my cables i can buy more . ever since i bought these cables i have been making sure i know where i put em . be happy and buy with no worries 
music neg 393.txt i purchased this album because i am a fan of the last poets . upon listening to the samples provided by amazon.com , i thought i was getting an album that would contain very similar content to the last poets : some great politically charged poetry , perhaps accompanied by some funky beats . however , when i listened to the whole cd , i was disappointed to find out that the vast majority of the tracks sound the most like " get out of the ghetto blues . " if more of the tracks had the sound of the title track , this would be a five-star album , in my opinion . true , scott-heron has a lot of great social commentary throughout the album , but not in the form i had hoped for . i would take the last poets ' album " this is madness " over this particular scott-heron album 
camera pos 706.txt i am very satisfied with this purchase . it is exactly what i wanted . i purchased 5 more as business gifts for important clients 
camera neg 347.txt although easy to load a smart card , this viewer was disappointing in quality . my pictures look fine on my computer , but the pictures were dark and there was no instruction on how to change the contrast etc. ( although i found that it the picture could be adjusted , it was never mentioned in the manual ) . the manual is , because of the comment above , disgustingly incomplete . if not going through the bother of returning it through amazon because i purchased it on line , i would not have kept it . i actually bought another digital frame that was smaller and cheaper and it was worse , otherwise i would have given it only one star . i could have purchased a unit a circuit city or bestbuy and been better off 
music neg 999.txt will not run on my computer.. . love the content however i keep my music on my hard drive and was looking forward to working out with this album on my mp3. i will be demanding a refund ! do not buy if you have a mp3 supported car stereo , if you plan on playing at your computer. . it will not work due to ill conceived piracy protection ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
camera pos 890.txt i have had several digital cameras and this tops them all ! ! ! ! everything they say about it , is true . i love not even having to think about batteries , i did n't believe what people said about the battery life , and i was just happy i did n't need to think about batteries , but i just got married and my 13 year old daughter took more than 100 pictures with this camera and her pictures are almost as good as the photographer i hired and yes the camera battery lasted all day and thru the next 4 days on our honeymoon with another 200 pictures taken , no low battery light ! ! ! ! ! i even going to buy my parents one . also , one more note i love how fast you can take pictures , no wait 4 seconds between shots . i had a kodak digital before only 1 1 / 2 years old and hated it , i hated the download procedure , it did n't put your pictures onto your hard drive , but in it 's own little cubbyhole and trying to attach them to your email was absolutely a nightmare , you 'd have to identify the picture copy it to your desktop , remember what you called it and then attach it your email . this is the main reason why i purchased this camera . i will never own anything else , especially a kodak . 
camera neg 239.txt my cannon died the day before my daughters birthday so i ran out and tried a bunch of cameras in the morning and bought one . although this camera is 6 mp , my 3.0 cannon took much clearer pictures . i have had this camera for 9 months and i am sending it in for the second time for repair . first the power button stopped working , and then on easter ( something about holidays ) all of the functions of the buttons switched . when i pushed delete , the menu came up . even the mode selector was n't working . it was reviewing the pictures in all three modes . i will say that sony support online is very helpful , but i need something more reliable . i am done with this camera 
music neg 375.txt i love the who , a big part of my youth , probably in my dna , but let 's not kid ourselves : this is professional rock and roll made by professional rock and rollers . is there any lyric here that pete has n't written before ? still writing about getting your first hit single ? ! and sadly the music sounds like face dances and all the best cowboys..etc , but not the who sell out or empty glass . the band itself sounds faceless , generic . the only redeeming features are the raspy passion in roger 's voice and pete 's right hand . i hope the complete album makes garbage of this review , but unless pete has written truthfully and passionately about something or anything of what his life and the world has been like in the last twenty years i 'm afraid , like wire & glass , it will only be a rehash of previous works , no matter how good it sounds . here 's hoping i 'm wrong 
camera neg 259.txt i bought this camera in oct 2005. i brought it everywhere . loved it . in april 2006 , the lcd screen blew . canon replaced it with a refurbished camera . in march 2007 , the exact same thing happened to the screen and now they will only repair for $97.00 , as they have determined this is the result of impact damage . how they determine this is unclear to me , as it was not dropped or impacted...apparently , you will spend 100.00 / yr maintaining this camera . that , to me , is the hallmark of a faulty product . unfortunate - as i really loved this camera 
camera pos 282.txt yes it is a very fine lens . is and 105 mm long end are also appealing but after buying this i decided to sell it in favour of my ef 24-70 2.8l after 2 weeks of usage . f4 makes clearly the autofocus slower and fuzzier . bokeh is also worse than the other one . the viewfinder gets darker in 1.6 crop bodies . 105 mm does make a very little difference in image size . plus the macro option is weaker on this one . if you do n't care about the weight go with the ef 24-70 2.8l imho . 
camera pos 558.txt yep , we love this camera ! amazon got it to us just in time for our trip to las vegas and we got wonderful footage and great still shots of our trip . the still shots are amazing , you can really zoom in close and get great clear shots of things our regular digital camera couldn't . in fact we tested this and have proof , as we had both cameras with us . my son got a great close up of star jones from far across the gathered crowd , right up to her face as if he were standing right in front of her , and my photo from the same area is so pixilated and blurry you ca n't even tell what the subject was ! i love that we have two cameras in one , video and stills , so we do n't have to carry both . i really like that there is a separate card for the still photos so low battery power does n't threaten to wipe the memory clean . we eventually got a longer life battery but the one hour did just fine on our trip . it would be nice to have a separate battery charger , but it really did n't get inconvenient , we 'd just plug it in while we slept and we were ready for the day when we woke up . and the price was excellent for all the features we got . yep , we love this camera 
camera neg 232.txt not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for ! 
music neg 929.txt item never came . however in their defense refund was promptly given out . i only wish that i had a chance to receive this one 
music neg 44.txt i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so " out there " that when you first hear one of their cd's ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n't like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we 've got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n't have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 's kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country 's kind of cool , too . and dracula 's got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it 's really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n't really that good . i do n't know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n't have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band . 
music neg 635.txt this is a great album and a great artist with albert king theres no going wrong when you buy one of his albums . he is the king of electric-blues . you can hear all these songs in great format . just awsome playing awsome singing . its sure no wonder srv . and hendrix really loved albert king 
camera neg 33.txt looks nice . unfortunately did not power up the camera , so i ca n't say much else . going to cost me return shipping at the very least . sorry i did n't buy the canon product instead 
software pos 845.txt i am very pleased with the way this remote performs . i have my computer conected to my tv , and with this remote , i am able to control my computer from the living room , to watch tv , watch dvds that i have on my hard drives , and listen to music . beyond media , works great with the remote , and is very user friendly 
camera neg 794.txt there is a serious design flaw with this camera and it is even acknowledged on the faq section of the sony website . " if there are dust particles floating in the air , they can be illuminated by the strong light of the flash and sometimes appear in a recorded image as white , round glare spots . this symptom tends to occur in low-light environments when using a compact digital camera due to the close proximity of the flash to the lens assembly . however , this is not a malfunction . " read : your low-light pictures will have spots all over them ! sony does not think this is a problem . it is a design flaw . if you are only going to use this camera in full sun , then it is fantastic but seriously , there are many other cameras out there that do a much better job ! 
camera neg 262.txt hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! ! 
music pos 138.txt ok , i just could not resist coming on here to review this . i 've had this cd for about 4 years now and i still listen to quite a bit , proof right there that this cd is definetly a classic ( in my book at least ) every single song on here is original , the guitar riffs are simply amazing , and the lyrics i can not even describe in words how much they hit home and how breathtaking they are . if your a goo goo doll fan , and you still do not have this cd , i deeply encourge you to go buy it now ! this is the is the goos like you 've never heard them before . the cd is pure genius , and in my opinion the best cd i 've ever heard 
camera neg 92.txt gosh , i would really like to review this adapter , but- - - amazon has put my order on indefinate hold , as thier supplier is unable to get any more . but wait ! what 's that blurb on the product page - " availability : ususally ships within 24 hours " and " want it delivered tomorrow ? order it in the next 5 hours and 36 minutes , and choose one-day shipping at checkout . see details . " so they ca n't deliver it , yet they still list it as available for delivery tomorrow ? do n't order from amazon 
camera pos 633.txt this product delivers exactly as promised and we could not be more pleased . the pictures are wonderful . the initial downloading process was straighforward and problem-free . we actually purchased three photo frames for ourselves and our children and they love them as much as we do . the slideshow feature is wonderful as well . everyone of our friends that have seen the photo frame are equally amazed by this product as some were not aware that such a product even existed . to be sure , they are expensive but worth the cost . we will enjoy our photo frame for years to come as we update with new pictures regularly . thanks to the folks at philips for getting this soooooooooooo right . 
music neg 997.txt blues singers should n't try to go mainstream . if they do try and succeed , fine . that means they 've stayed true to their roots . when they try and fail ( as susan has done with hope and desire ) , one would hope they 'd try to get back to where they started . for me that was just wo n't burn . i guess when one is happily married with children , it 's hard to sing the blues since you 're not feeling them . . . you 're faking them 
music neg 895.txt jonny 's conversion is fine and i hope he is happy , but this album was not good if you are expecting the blues guitar work of his early albums . if you want christan rock maybe this could be for you , but he missed the mark with me big time 
music neg 925.txt method : take a monster , genre defining album you recorded over 15 years ago , borrow the voicings , polyrhythms and sound effects , rearrange them to slightly ( but not *that* ) different tunes , crib the album art ( cheesy then ; cheesier now ) and re-release . the point ? well , to the man , it 's obvious . there 's one born every minute . but for genuine , discerning afficionados of electronica ? search me . like a good souffle , it was better the first time . indeed , inventing oxygene parts 7 - 13 is almost as pointless an exercise as going back and re-recording the original album from scratch . and guess what turned out to be jarre 's next project ? whoops ! writer 's block , perchance ? olly buxto 
camera pos 733.txt i bought this camera for my teenage son . the only problem we have found so far is that the battery life is too short . other than that , it is a good camera . the slim design is nice , and the camera is loaded with features 
camera pos 943.txt i 've had this digital camera for almost a year . it 's the fourth camera i 've owned . i spent quite some time searching for a compact camera that i could carry everywhere . being an amateur photographer ( and mostly taking pictures for myself and not others ) , i did n't want to lug around an extra bag just for my camera . it fits discreetly in your pocket or a small purse ( for formal nights out ) . the size and weight of this camera is its best feature , and this carries through to the newer generations of this camera , too . this has been the perfect camera for everything from selling items on-line to landscape scenery . my pictures have always turned out beautifully , with wonderful color and crispness . i have discovered that the " automatic " lighting feature is not always the most ideal , but you can re-program just about anything on this camera . it 's really quite a good camera , and given its price these days with the newer generations out there , it 's a steal 
music pos 273.txt it 's impossible to like all of country music , but randy travis is liked by even those who do n't like country music . from 1986 and through the 90 's he was always on top or near the top of the country charts . his calm , nasal drawl reminds me a bit of lefty frizell , but there 's no mistaking his unique style . these are some of the best recordings in the history of country music including digging up bones , forever and ever , amen , too gone too long , is it still over ? , hard rock bottom of your heart etc. randy had 16 no . 1 's on the country charts . there are 20 cuts here . if you only want one cd with all his greatest hits this is your logical choice . by the way , the sound from rhino is bright and punchy and the booklet features dates , neat pixs , and peak positions . you 've got a winner for life with this one ! 
music neg 924.txt a lame group of angry teenagers screaming about themselves . ironic lyrics like " image of the invisible " do not make them intellectual . this trash is not music . get it off my radio ! if only i could give 0 stars. . 
camera neg 533.txt the is-dv only records videos in the ' asf ' format , not mpeg-4. i bought one from ' egghead.com' . after 30 days , i contacted aiptek to tell them the problem , they acknowledged that the is-dv only records videos in the ' asf ' format . they said there is nothing they will do about it . do not buy this product . aiptek advertises that the is-dv records video in mpeg-4 format , but it doesn't . ' egghead.com ' wo n't deal with me because they say i should deal with the manufacture after 30 days from the purchase date 
music pos 244.txt to be honest i ca n't think of a word that can explain the emotional link with this album apart from it being the most beautiful sound i 've heard . for me listening to this album makes me feel emotionally confused but absolutely complete at the same time , never before has an album stopped me in my tracks as firmly as this one . my favourite songs on the album are " the only moment we were alone " and " six days at the bottom of the ocean " every time my ears are blessed with these artworks i 'm am fixated on nothing else but them . i literally cannot communicate with anyone or anything i just have to listen to them intently . this album is not as experimental as " those who tell the truth shall die those who tell the truth shall live forever " but i feel it is just as good and the songs are put together impeccably well , with no song being neither longer nor shorter than it has to be . i love the pure , clean sound of this album and see it as light as the wind . the trance that this album provides is indescribable ; i 'm not saying if you buy this album it will have this exact effect on you this description is merely from a personal note . either way i strongly recommend this band and album to anybody who is looking for a purchase , for you can have no doubt that this album is extremely well produced , written , recorded , thought out and sounding . buy it , you will not regret your choice one bit . 
music neg 946.txt well it was an obvious path to musical collapse , she should have stopped at tidal . if i 'd been dating her for the talent she showed on her first cd i would have broken up with her over this piece of haggis . the course of the last three cd 's drew a trendline right from stardom into a melodic pit . the lyrics on extraordinary machine were not only not up to their namesake but worse than the melodies . the number of great reviews on this site only go to prove once again the masses prefer pablum in lieu of something complex and cognitive . her original cd with it 's collection of diminished and augmented chords set to deep overlays of texturing , blended with truly poetic lyrics has been replaced with a distilled musical joke . what on earth gave her the impetus to try to go ' artsy ' by experimenting with music predating the second world war i 'll never know . it 's obvious her angst is no longer producing art , rather it is being replaced with contrived resolution and the equivalent of a musical epitaph . eat it up people , it 's all about not having to think . it 's the kind of tripe that happens when someone is trying to hard to think of how to outdo their first brush stroke of genius and is confronted with musical block . judging by the news her father is ruining her life and creativity as so often is the case in todays less than feminine half of the culture . 
dvd pos 965.txt .. with an all-star cast . the plot is not new ( stage door , how to marry a millionaire and valley of the dolls to mention but a few ) , but judy , hedy and lana do an admirable job . never mind highbrow critcs ; hedy lamarr wasn ` t that bad and lana does one of her best acting jobs ever . judy is a tomboy and it ` s sad that life eventually took her into the direction of lana ` s character sheila . the musical numbers are good , but sadly ; footage from the great ziegfeld are edited in ( note the finale ) . james stewart are good as well - as are edvard everett horton , charles winninger and eve arden . the film is filled with good 1-liners and there are even echoes of garbo ` s first sound-entrance in anna christie 
music pos 308.txt this was one of those rare performances where dylan 's raw energy swept the stage and transformed these selections from his collection into somthing entirely new and great . the sound is rough , the intonation is off , the recording is filled with horrible buzzes , whistles , and clicks . none of which matters . once youe listened to some of the tracks on this disk , you 'll prefer them to the original album cuts . i know i do . absolutely essential to any collection of dylan 's work , " hard rain " is not to be missed . 
camera neg 559.txt this was the first digital camera i purchased . i am an adventurous person and wanted something that would stand up to my lifestyle . this camera was n't it . the good *it is compact , which is pretty convenient *it has several camera functions that have the potential to work well if you are techno-savvy . the bad *after snorkeling with it for 30 minutes , the camera leaked and broke . olympus replaced it , but only after my 2 month stay in costa rica was over . *the functions are unreliable and difficult to use . rarely if ever do i get them to work how i want . the pictures always need touched up afterwards , sometimes seriously . *the zoom sucks . do n't expect to get those awesome close ups they advertise unless you have some serious patience . *the image stabilization is a joke . you need a tripod or surgeons hands to take pictures that are n't blurry . *the user manual left me with a lot of questions 
music neg 433.txt bill charlap is undoubtedly one of the most talented , lyrcially-blessed jazz pianiasts around today . he has a deft touch and a senisbility that far exceeds his age and life experiences . that told , i find it very hard to give his latest effort , stardust , more than two stars . with very few exceptions , i found this cd to be fairly self-indulgent and charlap rather morose in his intrepretations . it was n't nearly a refeshing to the ear as written in the stars . i would recommend this for a charlap devotee but no one else . he has made better albums 
camera neg 635.txt i own the olympus fe-100 digital camera , and it came with unchargeable batteries ( oxyride ) . i switched to energizer batteries and bought an energizer 4-battery charger that can be had for less than the price of half a tank of gas . it 's not a quick charger like this one , but i say for less than half the investment , i 've got a charger that does the job . i would not spend this kind of money on a charger . so i say , if you 're part of the " gotta have it now " generation , you definitely pay for convenience . otherwise , charge your batteries more slowly ( 2-3 hours ) and save a lot of money 
camera pos 532.txt this is a great camera for travel and everyday events because of its small and convenient size . we bought it to replace our bulkier sony dsc-f707. the large screen is wonderful ! the video feature is a lot of fun but due to the small size it is hard to take a steady video . the battery meter is very useful as it tells you how much time you have left . the main downside with this camera is the flash . it does n't work well in very dark conditions for distant or even slightly distant shots . if it were n't for the flash , i would have given this a rating of 5 stars . this is overall a good camera . for more serious digital photography , we prefer to use the sony dsc-f707 as it has a better flash and zoom . however , it is too bulky to carry around 
camera neg 962.txt just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it 
books pos 759.txt our family has enjoyed this a lot , since we take a lot of trips in our rv . great way to entertain on the road . we really liked the questions about pop music and movies , also some great questions about the us presidents . very entertaining , clever 
music neg 51.txt the main problem i have with this cd is that it seems poorly mixed . there is no sonic depth to it - all the sounds are flat and hard to distinguish from each other 
music pos 865.txt this record is a fine example of earnest juju music . other artits have tricked it up some with synths and keyboards . chief commander obe has always managed to offer more traditional representation of juju as it evolved from highlife . keep in mind , this means amazing percussion work , intertwining guitar lines , loving vocals and long well developed instrumentals . if you 're interested , you should buy it . it will make you happy , no matter how you were feeling , and what you 're doing 
camera pos 697.txt i purchased this camera brand new for a fraction of the price of my first digital camera . this is my second point and shoot digital camera since i have abandoned film . it is a very solid and durable and it takes beautiful pictures . it has almost no shutter lag time and the battery has never run out on me . i have used it on an entire week long vacation without re-charging it . kodak keeps making these cameras better and more reliable for less 
music neg 612.txt hey , brrrrruuuuuccce ! what 's the deal ? just about every major top 40 artist has had their catalogs sonically updated except yours . why can we buy the " tracks " editions , and get glorious hdcd-encoded sound , but " town " sounds like it 's coming out an am radio ? ok , you did your best , but dubya 's back in the white house for the next four years , and kerry 's home in his underwear watching the weather channel . you should have plenty of time on your hands now.. . get busy ! let 's see some remastering ! 
music pos 964.txt for the past few years it has been very difficult to locate candid jazz cds , the label that critic nat hentoff created over forty years ago . this was a real shame because some classic recordings , including booker little 's " out front " and max roach 's " we insist ! : freedom now suite , " were on this label . i am happy to report that it was not because all of the albums were being deleted , but because they were ( slowly ) being remastered . now some of the seminal early recordings of iconoclastic pianist cecil taylor are resurfacing , like " jumpin ' punkins " and now " the world of cecil taylor . " it is my opinion that taylor 's currently unavailable ( at least domestically ) " new york city r&b " and " world of c.t. " are two of the great new jazz recordings of the early 60s . " world , " recorded over two successive days in october 1960 , is basically a trio date , with buell neidlinger on bass and dennis charles on drums , and archie shepp joining on tenor sax for two tracks , " air " and the standard " lazy afternoon . " this disc is one of shepp 's first recorded performances and the saxman apparently had trouble with taylor 's music - - i recall the now out of print mosaic set of this material collecting some 15 plus outtakes of " air . " but the master takes are truly masterful , and i am delighted that with this cd available once again , we can all return to " the world of cecil taylor . 
music neg 126.txt he just needs to retire . screw this non-gangsta . no real g sings , they just rap , god 
music pos 920.txt i bought this for my wife , a huge fan of patrick o'brian ( she 's read the books twice in the past two years alone ) . ironically , it now sits in my car 's cd shuffler where it undoubtedly gets the most airtime . i love this music ! as another reviewer mentioned , with some cofee ( killick , there ! ) , this music and desolation island in your hand , you feel transported to a life of long ago . when men sang to rouse the soul , brighten the spirit , damn the enemy and win the heart of their colleen ( sorry...nancy ) - all with spine , mind and muscle fully intact . the harmonies are rich , the voices deep . and yet , the last reviewer 's questions have the faint ring of truth . my first hearing rang a bit flat , the music sounding just this side of stale . but , in the end , it just do n't signify . even on that first run , by the end of the cd i was clumsily , but merrily joining in with the crew . i suppose i have come to imbue the songs with a life of my own , belting them out at full volume down the highway . i hope you enjoy them as much as i do 
music pos 642.txt more like 3.5. so . half of this album is excellent . the rest is filler . but , due to " times like these " , " all my life " , disenchanted lullaby ( the intro irritates me but it gets better ) , " have it all " ( kinda sappy but i love the intro ) , " low " ( have you seen the video ? ) and " overdrive " ( again , kinda sappy but there 's something about it i love ) , the album is pretty enjoyable . it does n't compare to the first three , but it has its moments . the riffs are slightly heavier , most songs are pretty upbeat . " times like these " is an instant classic with awesome lyrics , while " all my life " rocks harder than pretty much all previous songs . kinda sucks how the best songs are / were singles , but if they had released other songs , no-one would buy the album . mind you , my friend loves " burn away " , so listen to the previews and make your own mind up 
music neg 232.txt when it comes to big star 's 70 's output , you can call me a hopeless fanboy , because after listening to in space , it seems that only a hopeless fanboy would think that thirty-some-years later , exactly one-half of the classic big star lineup could- --or in forever difficult alex chilton 's case , would be so inclined- --to attempt to recapture the lightning-in-a-bottle transcedent pop magic that made those 70s discs so great . this disc has way more in common with chilton 's oft-times difficult , mostly self-indulgent solo work than with any of big star 's previous fascinating pop near-perfection . while i 'll admit that i have enjoyed a good chunk of chilton 's solo work , ( in a slightly guilty , rolling-my-eyes , " oh...that alex ! " sorta way.. . ) my musical sensibilities are somehow offended by the fact that this group and that this particular collection of songs are presented as " big star . " in space is connected musically to the original big star by little more than the fact that two of the same guys in this band were in that band . if you do n't expect much , you wo n't be disappointed . 
camera pos 541.txt of course , it had to be kodak . no matter what people say , i have always and will always use a kodak digital camera , i 've found this camera to be a real warrior , last one i had lasted about 4 year and this one looks even better , photo cuality its very good and colors are great , no excesive blue or red in your pics , night photo taking its excelent in close shots . 4 stars beacuse its really a batterie eater , but its nothing a 25$ batterie charger can ` t solve . sorry for grammar mistakes but english is not my natal lenguaje 
music pos 908.txt dj quik ( the best producer ever ) did all the tracks in this one with help from robert bacon on some tracks . this album is just classic nuthin more to it ! 
music pos 481.txt this guy is amazing . i keep playing this for people and they love it and tell me they have never heard anything like it . i even got a huge discount at the auto shop for just having this cd . after the mechanic took my car from the parking lot and listened to one minute of this , he came in and said " that sounds crazy ! you have to let me copy this " after getting a nice chunk of cash taken off my bill , this cd already paid for itself and never collects dust . i know everyone compares clark to aphex twin , boards of canada , and autechre , but for good intentions . he is already that good , after just a few releases 
camera neg 557.txt i 'm not a good photographer but use my cameras for vacation / backpacking pictures . the p3 was the fourth point and shoot nikon camera my family has owned . one of the previous cameras had the lens quit woking probably because it got some dirt in it . on the p3 the lens extends out pretty far when the camera is turned on . i accidently dropped it from about 30 " off the ground when it was only a few days old . it landed on the back but flipped over on to the lens . the outer ring of the lens ended up crooked and would not retract or focus . i sent it back to nikon and as i expected they said the repair would not be covered by warranty . they charged $162.50 to fix it . mastercard has a program called " purchase assurance " that will hopefully cover the repair cost ! the other night i saw a commercial on tv for an olympus camera that could be dropped from 5 feet , get wet , or even frozen down to 14 degrees f and still take pictures . i wish i had seen that ad first . the nikon takes great pictures but is way too fragile for a small point and shoot camera . not buying nikon anymore . 
camera pos 548.txt what i love about this case is its softness and its superior quality . it fits just like a glove and it protects the camera at the time it never poses a danger to it . ( i have had other older cases that scratched or even crushed the cameras ) . this one seems to be an improved model . it does not need to have handles because you are supposed to use the strap on the camera . highly recommendable 
camera neg 596.txt i made mistake getting such a big & bulky case for small minidv sony camcorder hc26. this case can take any big size old camcorders ( like old sony hi8 ) , so if you are looking for your new camcorder this definately is a bad choice 
software neg 36.txt i bought this software primarily so i could create slideshows with music and other special effects . since i got it , i have had nothing but problems . first of all , it would not install completely on my computer . the techs at adobe could not figure out the problem . after i reformatted my hard drive , i finally got photoshop to install properly . then another problem . when i burned my slideshow photos to a vcd , they came out just awful ( unlike adobe 's demo video showing a perfectly created slideshow . ) boy , was i deceived ! i cannot say that this software is all bad . it does a nice job in correcting exposure errors in digital photos . however , if you want to create neat slideshows , photoshop elements 4.0 is not worth the cost 
camera pos 256.txt i bought this lens a little over a year ago for macro shooting . i quickly found out , however , that to shoot macro-only with this lens is a crime . it is a very versitile lens . its fast f / 2.8 aperture makes for good shooting in low light . i pretty much use this outdoors as the 100mm with the 1.6x crop factor of my rebel xt eliminates most indoor oppurtunities . i frequently use this lens for family portraits , the resultant photo is so crisp and clear and the bokeh really helps add snap to the primary subject . as others have stated , this is a heavy lens . it does n't have image stabilization ( is ) so a tripod or monopod is a great accessory to get the best images . i use a beefy monopod for my best shots , although i have a lot of handheld gems.. . if you are tight for cash , this is n't the " one lens " that does it all . if you are looking for a versitile lens that can do outstanding macros and portraits , this is that lens . 
music neg 394.txt this was just to much country for this parrothead . i liked one song , piece of work and that was about it 
music neg 4.txt this industry is " goin down " u call this an album ? ? ? lo 
music neg 114.txt and he 's a super-talented drummer . the day the foos release a best-of compilation i 'll probably pick it up . otherwise , i 'm sad to say that the average foo fighters album cut just does n't cut it for me . all of the songs on there is nothing left to lose are mediocre , run-of-the mill " alternative " rock . only " stacked actors " has some real songwriting substance and it does have some swagger and bite , but to be perfectly honest , it still is n't a huge turn-on in my book . " learn to fly , " the other track that got some airplay on alt-rock radio , may as well have been written by the outfield or some other average rock band along those lines . i almost gave this album two stars , but unfortunately i think that rating would be just too generous . foo fighters have made some really good songs , like " everlong . " but i honestly do n't think they 'd be nearly as big if grohl had n't drummed for one of the most highly revered and charismatic bands of all time , nirvana . elsewhere , their fantastic cover versions such as gary numan 's " down in the park " and prince 's " darling nikki " suggest they are great rockers but less great in the songwriting department 
books pos 352.txt i requested this book for my college music class . i saw many offers from b&n and other book stores and i found amazon having the best price and received the book on time . the book was in great condition and my fellow students were surprised when they heard the price and the shipping response . i totally recommend this site and book for school . the book was comprehensible and well illustrated . 
camera pos 293.txt this was one of the first lenses that i purchased with my rebel xt . now after taking several thousand pictures with it i can honestly say it was well worth the cost . i very rarely have any unsharp pictures with this lens unless it is my own fault by trying to use too slow of a shutter speed without a tripod . i also have the 180mm f / 3.5l macro lens , which costs about 3 times more than this lens , and although it is very clear and the extra reach is nice at times especially since it can be used with both the 1.4x and 2x tc 's , it is very difficult to use inside without a tripod . the 60mm can be handheld if needed with very good results even if you have to bump your iso up a little to do so . i have also used this lens for both inside and outside portrait work with very nice results . all-in-all , given it 's small size and light weight i very rarely leave this lens behind when i go out because you never know when you might see a great macro shot 
music neg 622.txt paul brown is a tremendously talented artist and producer with a wonderful engineering background that allows him to set the standard in smooth jazz for clean production and versatile music . however , content on his latest project , " white sand " is n't musically expressive as the content heard on his first two solo albums . the artist collaborations on " white sand " make it tempting to purchase , but you quickly realize brown 's musical wittiness and versatility ( smooth , latin or r&b ) are lacking . overall it is still a cd worth paying for 
music pos 183.txt goth meets cabaret , or rather gothic music influenced by cabaret . thats the best way to describe this wonderful little release by projekt . the eleven tracks here provide an introduction to the " dark cabaret " scene , and do so quite well . the first song , coin-operated boy by the dresden dolls , is a great start , and the cd continues onward to devious evil night together by jill tracy ( which sets up a wonderful film noir mood ) and on to the darker , electronic dance number cabaret fortune teller by audra , to a remix of knock three times on my coffin by projekt veterans black tape for a blue girl . along the way numerous other bands are covered . sam rosenthal 's side project revue noir makes their debut on this cd , with husky feminine vocals provided by nicki jaine , who also has a solo song ( pretty faces ) on the cd as well . personally , i loved revue noir and find nicki jaine 's voice to be quite alluring , but i also know some btfabg fans who dislike her vocals so you 've been warned . but all in all , i think anyone with a task for the dark should check out this cd . at the very least , its a cheap and decent introduction to a whole new style , and thats always a good thing 
camera pos 88.txt i 'm new to the digital slr world . i had been using the built in flash on my rebel xt . the built-in flash had done alright , but was nothing to write home about . since i had spent most of my money on the camera , i needed a flash that was both affordable and would get the job done . this flash met both requirements . if you are an advance user , you will want a higher end flash because the flash has limited adjuastable features . yet , if you a newbie like me , this flash is great ! it has improved my picture quality dramaticly . 
camera neg 762.txt this camcorder is only good for outdoor recording . in indoor recording or recording in little bit low light , picture quality is very bad . i tried to record in my living room where i have two 100 watt bulbs but recorded picture was very blurred . in outdoor recording in a sunny day , picture quality is quite good with sharp colors . zoom works well 
camera neg 93.txt there 's little more to say....great item , almost a " must have " , but forty bucks for a half ounce of plastic is absolutely criminal 
camera neg 117.txt i bought this lens for my canon 30d after reading every professional review i could find . i knew going in that this lens was n't perfect but , was supposed to be better than the 18-55 kit lens . i liked the range that it provided and the image stabilization . i shot pictures with this lens and was extremely dissapointed . the pictures were not sharp at all and the colors were dull . i thought it might have been my new camera at first because i could n't imagine the quality would be this bad . i ruled this out after i used my canon 28-105 lens i had for my canon film slr and the results were much better . for the digital focal length though , my old lens would n't suffice because of the 1.6x focal factor . later , i decided on the tamron 17-50 / 2.8 after reading reviews . the salesperson at the professional camera store guessed that my pictures were very soft when i told him i had this canon lens . he said , " let me guess , you 'd like to try the tamron 17-50 / 2.8. " he said that this was the very best lens to buy in the price range and to take it home and try it . i could return it with no questions asked if i was n't satisfied . he also said that he had n't had one person return it yet . my first images with this lens were great . they were sharp and had way more vibrant color . there is absolutely no comparison at all . i was hesitant to buy a third party lens but , my fears were instantly eliminated after seeing the results . this is the first review i have ever posted on amazon . i was so dissapointed that i wanted to help others not make the same mistake . after spending $$$ on a digital slr , it would be a waste not to get great pictures with it because of the lens . before taking a chance on buying the canon , do yourself a big favor and try the canon and tamron at a local store . 
music neg 153.txt i have never been able to see what the big deal was about this band . all of their records , in general , sound exactly the same , and this one is no exception . post-velvets guitar / organ drones , lackadaisical vocals , blankly uninteresting non-lyrics ( they could have recited their grocery lists and it would have been more interesting ) , and a dramatic lack of energy ; all of yo la tengo 's trademarks are fully represented here , and if you can stay awake through it , you 're a better man / woman than i . a surpassingly boring record , even from this usually very boring band . if you 've heard the velvet underground , neu ! , stereolab 's early records , and sonic youth , you 've heard yo la tengo in total . if you 're a big enough fan of those named bands , you could probably write songs that sound like & quot ; painful . &quot ; but you would probably write better ones . avoid this like the plague unless you suffer from insomnia 
camera neg 645.txt just returned the mobicam - had poor reception , even in adjacent room ! smallo screen & not stable - falls easy & seems like would break very quickly with a 3 yr old in the house ! 
music pos 876.txt incredible follow up to rated r which i did n't think could be equaled and they did . flat out incredible songwriting , amazing vocal identity and muscianship at its best . if you grew up in the 70 's as i did and miss those albums that you would play constantly from beginning to end then this album is for you . " go with the flow " is one of the greatest rock singles of all time but you wo n't be skipping any songs on this disc . baby boomers rejoice , rock is back 
music pos 333.txt this is without doubt the most beautiful , moving song i have ever heard . i cry every time i listen to it . i will ask my family to have it played at my funeral . the lyrics and symbolism are born of emotional genius . the solo vocalist and the instrumentation are flawless . this selection is the hope diamond of contemporary music 
software neg 579.txt i was extremely disappointed in this " upgrade " . i had roxio 's easy cd creator 5 and loved it . that product allowed you to easily arrange your music on the dics , burn it , then create a lable or insert for the disc with almost no effort . almost everything was intuitive . creator 7 is a big step back in ease of use and utility . so they added a few new bells and whistles , so what ? the base use of this product is to make music cd 's and to create inserts . arranging music is not as easy as it was before . and the insert creator is so frustrating to use i do n't bother . in fact , i have continued to use creator 5 and have simply written off the fact i paid $100 for creator 7 - for nothing ! now , with a computer upgrade , creator 5 no longer works . i do n't dare try another roxio product ( just read the reviews for 7.5 and that appears to be a total waste of money ) . i 'll be taking my chances on anything else . . . not roxio 
music pos 172.txt recorded 2001 - 2002. it has become all too common that few are taken to task for saying or doing stupid things . what 's worse is that no one seems to care . this is the kind of thing that pisses lewis black off . the angrier he gets the funnier he is . i first came to appreciate mr. black on the comedy central 's " daily show . " i always felt that there should have been more time devoted to lewis black . i wanted more - i needed more - i had to have more ! so i went to my " mental health club , " amazon.com and bought every title available . the end of the universe , rules of engagement and luther burbank preforming arts center blues - ( i had already purchased the white album ) which one is the best ? all of them ! as i write this review - i realize that i still want more - so i am buying the dvd's . there is nothing dated about this material . in 2006 it is just as - if not funnier than when first released . please lewis keep recording it still is not enough ! casl 
dvd neg 802.txt this is not a review of this item , but the whole series . not only are the films in this bundle not all musicals , this bundle is sent intstead of the purchased bundle . until amazon straightens out the mess in titles , forget ordering alice faye and betty grable bundles : particularly marquee musicals . 
music neg 783.txt holy cow , i was ready to rip my hair out after listening to this . horrible , sophomoric , insipid.. . yuk . this is like chinese water torture . drip drip drip on and on . yaaaggghhhh 
dvd pos 962.txt firstly , do n't let the dvd region 1 status put you off - i am in australia and this disc played perfectly on my pc , dvd player and even the ps2 ! it 's wonderful to finally see an intimate performance by elvis costello on dvd ! it brought so many memories of his tour in 2004 back to me . elvis fans will love this dvd featuring his latest music , along with many oldies , it is very rare to get up close and personal with this man ! elvis gives 100% of himself on stage ! a must for your music dvd collection 
camera neg 371.txt the camera is just plain cheap . takes nothing but fuzzy , low resolution pictures . the thing weighs a ton and even for all that the binoculars are only mediocre . a great idea , maybe someday someone will actually do it right 
music pos 973.txt another solid 70 's band that faded into obscurity . the nice thing about living in canada was that we got to see all of the minor as well as the major acts . edward bear fell between the two . the original members got together in the late sixties and took their name from a more famous bear named winnie . all of their hits are here as well as a cover of " freedom for the stallion " , a song that was also covered by " the hues corporation " and popularized by " three dog night " . its mostly the type of music that most will remember a favourite love by from " the last song " to " close your eyes " ( i 'm back again ) . a good middle of the road pop album to melt back the years 
camera pos 701.txt i went to ritz camera today and took a good look at the tz3. i 'll tell you , its pretty nice . the build quality is really good , as a previous person mentioned . the body is metal . the dials and buttons click with precision , and have a nice resistance . it has a nice weight to it . i took some nice shots in the store . i must have clicked off 100 pics . i 'm impressed with it . if you want something relatively small , powerful and tough , this camera is for you . the 10x zoom is great , but on such a small camera it is difficult to hold it steady enough ( at least for me ) to use the zoom too much . i love the build quality and style , so i may be biased . it 's a nice piece of equipment . i cannot speak to the photo quality only having seen pics on the camera 's lcd 
music pos 346.txt i read about lila downs ' new cd , la cantina , in victor cruz - lugo 's article entitled , " sweet sorrow , " published in the june-july 2006 issue of hispanic magazine ( page 76 ) . it is an honor and a pleasure to offer these few reflections on lila downs ' new cd , la cantina : 1. the cd cover is awesome , a beautiful and colorful work of art illustrating lila in a pensive and contemplative mid-air pause with her guitarra ready to rock . it strikes me as an example of the rising feminine in our time , awakening the historically-oppressed feminine from its slumber and into an alto canto of unstoppable and celebratory song . 2. each track is a lively composition of mexican corridos and sones impregnated with lila 's lovely voice that makes me feel so proud to be mexicano-chicano-hualahuisense and a member of our precious universal human family . 3. i first was introduced to lila downs and her musical talent when i enrolled in writer juan felipe herrera 's legendary manikrudo summer arts class at cal state fresno in 2000. juan felipe invited her to our class room and she impressed us all with her down-to-earth talented voice . later that night we all saw her in concert at the tower theatre in fresno and i 've been a fan of her work ever since . 4. this new cd is indeed a delightful experience . i appreciate that she moved into the corrido , son , etc. genres which makes me appreciate her music so much more . it has so much more appeal to me without bordering on the commercial and superficious . it 's authentic and retains its articistic musical integrity . i think that this is a hallmark that we can expect from all of lila 's work . she is a true artist . i 've always appreciated her darker and earthier songs in her first two cds , however , this new stride into popular folk corridos is a movement into another aspect of the heart and soul of the mexicano experience . 5. i am very impressed with lila 's voice and how it has matured since the summer of 2000. there seems to be more color and flair in it and definitely mucho corazon . ahua ! her solos in " yo ya me voy , " have my soul spinning to the outer edges of infinity . as victor cruz-lugo writes , " through it all , downs ' powerful alto voice cuts a path into the deepest pits of your heart , tears something out of there and somewhow we as listeners wind up asking her for more of the same . " this is my favorite of lila 's repertoire . it is my opinion that those who purchase this cd will not be disappointed . enjoy ! 
camera pos 358.txt compare to the price of the product i highly recommend to any one who own canon eos camera.. . 
camera pos 992.txt good camera for the $129 i paid . does everything pretty well , and your picture modes are pretty customizable . only qualm is it takes a second or two longer than i wish when the camera saves / loads pictures to the memory card . might be a problem when trying to shoot consecutive pictures- - but probably would n't be doing it with this type of camera anyways . 
music neg 548.txt this cd was a big seller upon it 's release in 1992 , boasting a plethora of big hits , along with some new songs . looking back through 2005 eyelids , it 's hard to hear why these songs were so huge....the cd starts off well , with hits from the primitive love album , but as one keeps listening , he realizes that none of these songs have passion or depth , a few catchy melodies and pleasant , if plain vocals . the dance numbers at least keep you awake , but the years 1988-92 found estefan leaning on ballads , and one was barely distinguishable from another ; on top of that , the 4 new cuts feel like padding , to fill a cd 's worth of material for a christmastime release...a couple of hits are missing , too ( i.e. , bad boys ) , so to summarize , nothing truly bad here , but precious little on target.. . 
music neg 741.txt thr pros about this album s that there alot of tight rappers and beats the cons about this album is that clue calls himself a dj but he 's a dumb phony who does n't know when to shut his mouth all he does is yell out throughout the whole album saying stupid stuff and giving shoutouts while the rappers rap he nees o shut up an lets us hear the song if u want this album still , go copy it off the net cause the is not worth the money ohyeah he dose n't even scratc 
camera pos 344.txt excellent case , no question about it . it is stylish and well-put together . this can not be worn on a belt , though , it must go in a pocket , purse , or in your hand . the main thing is that it keeps the awesome camera safe and sound , and it looks good doing it . 
software neg 700.txt conceptually this is a great game , especially for a child with visions of being a vet . you ( can theoretically ) learn about animals , their care and health issues . those 2 stars for overall are basically for the concept and little else . unfortunately the general usability of this game , vis- -vis lousy controls , is quite low . it 's nearly impossible to move the character at times , which results in stressful failure in the game . it crashes . it ca n't remember simple settings like , leave the terribly loud and obnoxious music off . playing this multiple times with my 6 year old always goes from excitement to frustration ( bordering on tears more than once as a bunny gets woefully ill while your character is comically stuck bouncing between the sofa and ottoman ) . once going you can engage your child by " studying " the books you 've bought . also , as you analyze the patients you learn about ailments as well as the treatments . that is all good stuff , but on whole the game is too frustrating to enjoy . one final note , this is the first time i 've ever bothered to review any product . 
camera pos 724.txt i bought this camera to take pictures of my sons playing basketball . my other camera shot dark grainy pictures indoor . i have had a lot of success with this and really nice outdoor shots as well . what i just started playing with , and i love is the video feature . it is so easy to use and the images are better than i expected . i bought this camera in december as a present to myself and i have used it constantly and recharged the battery twice . this is major to me as my nikon was devouring batteries in an afternoon . the optical zoom is clean , but the digital is definitely noisy . i have had fun shooting pictures of my kids because the shutter speed is so quick and i do n't miss the shot . 
music neg 323.txt i just wanted to let you know about a copyright situation . in this movie there is a part where they are sitting in a mexican food restuarant and there is a song playing in the back round . that song is not listed on the song track and i think it should be . the song is atrevido by orishas . i think this is wrong . 
music neg 927.txt i love the " smoky " piano bar sound of this album . i picture my best girl having a couple of pops late at nigh 
dvd pos 626.txt what a great idea , to make a documentary of violinist hilary hahn traveling around the world and concertizing . undoubtedly at the top of her profession , hahn never fails to amaze with her unmistakably gorgeous tone , enviable precision , and brilliant musicality . this dvd " portrait " includes personal footage of hahn backstage at the philharmonie in berlin , as well as a tour at the curtis institute , a recording session at abbey road studios , and a trip to hong kong . in an age of music commercialism , hahn is refreshingly real and self-deprecating . included on this dvd are excerpts from the korngold concerto , mozart sonata for piano and violin in g major , the lark ascending by vaughan williams , chaconne from partita in d minor by bach , and the paganini concerto no . 1. on the menu there is additional concerto footage , which includes the korngold concerto and mozart sonata in their entirety - thank goodness , because there 's nothing more aggravating than replaying excerpts . if for nothing else , buy the dvd for these complete live recordings , because they are absolutely sublime . the outer movements of the korngold sound a lot like film music , which the classical music lover may or may not like , but the second movement is incredibly beautiful and highly recommended . the mozart sonata is also very well played , but this is nothing new as hahn has already released a recording of this . this dvd is important because it contains video footage of hahn performing - the only other dvd where you can find her playing is the last night of the proms , in which she plays the mozart concerto no . 4 in d major and presto from sonata no . 1 by bach , but the sound quality is somewhat lacking and certainly does n't do justice to hahn 
dvd pos 239.txt i am a faithful csi watcher , and have been since the shows inception . i buy the dvd sets and enjoy them tremendously . however , there are two trends i see developing that i do n't care for- --one , there is too much catherine . we know everything about her kid , her dead husband , her crook father , etc. , and she 's really an annoying character . she makes nasty comments about everyone ; she 's always being insubordinate ; she goes out with men half her age ( let 's quit trying to make her seem like a young chick when she is n't , especially wearing those skin tight jeans ) , she is very arrogant , and even though she continually screws up ( loses her camera ; blows up the lab in a previous season , accuses people before she has all the evidence ) , they made her a supervisor . also , the plot line with grissom and sara , while predictable , is not the greatest . i think grissom would be better off paired with lady heather . there 's an idea ! let 's see more of lady heather . still , even with the annoying overabundance of the least likable character ( catherine ) , the show is one of the best , if not the best , on tv ( up there with without a trace , ncis and numbers ) . keep ' em coming 
music neg 403.txt perhaps it 's a bit unfair because lucinda engenders such high expectations , but i was really disappointed with this record the songwriting is weak , the singing is weak , and the arrangements are dull something kicked all the life out of the music- -the songs are not all the same , but for some reason they all sound the same- -and embarrassingly , you can sing most of them after one listen , they are so simplistic and cliched 
music pos 163.txt okay , take everything that you know about john squire . strip away the amazing stone roses first album , the not so amazing follow up , the nice brit pop of his work with the seahorses and picture this as a solo album from a new artist and i honestly think that peoples thoughts on this album would change drastically . they would realize that every track on it is a winner and that the guitar work is amazing and beautiful , the vocals might be grating at first ( think robert forster ( the go-betweens ) circa before hollywood ) but that upon repeated listens grows on you and you eventually end up loving . what you expect going into an album has alot to do with how much you like or dislike it and this album is no exception . people should listen to it for what it is and not for what john squire was...john squire is an established song writer who has moved beyond what he used to do ( who has n't moved on in 13 years ? minus robert smith of course ! ) and now writes beautiful pop songs...john squire has grown up just like his original audience has and this solo album is the perfect proof of that 
music pos 502.txt king elvis . queen madiona . prince justin . and now princess hillary ! duff is slowly making her way up to the queen of pop . it was espicially nice to here my teen idol singing all christmas classics with some other pop stars too . if you love hillary duff and you really need some new cd 's by her and it 's crhistmas time then this is cd for you ! let me tell ya somethin ' , that girl can sing . so go to the cd store . buy it ! play it ! plop down on the couch and have a glass of egg nog . 
camera pos 421.txt overall , i am quite satisfied with the usability and photo quality of the canon a 710 is . this camera was an upgrade from my 3-year-old hp 935 - - the old guy still worked fine , but was very slow and did n't handle low-light situations very well at all . i was also looking for a bigger zoom range . after weighing the options , i decided that the a 710 is was the way to go . pros : - uses standard aa batteries . invaluable when you 're on the go and need more juice . also , the battery life has been very good - i 'm using the same aa rechargables i used for over a year in my old camera , and i routinely get 2-4 days usage from them before needing to recharge . - huge lcd screen that does n't suck power . fast response , too . - digital zoom that actually helps ! because the camera is 7.1 mp and has an image stabilizer , i can actually get usable images even at the full 24x combined zoom . very impressed . - very wide range of available settings . you can customize almost any aspect of this camera , from sounds to shutter speed to flash speed / brightness to focus to... . - big enough , and small enough . it will fit in my back pocket most of the time , but it 's big enough to remind me that it 's there before i sit down . - fast processing time . taking a 3 or 4 minute video and having it ready to go again in less than 5 seconds is a true novelty to me - - my old hp took forever ! the fast processor also helps in viewing the images on the camera - you can scroll through very quickly , and also jump to an image very quickly too . much better than previous canon models even . - memory backup battery . remembers what day it is , time it is , and what image you 're on - - even if you take the regular aa 's out . very useful . - fast start-up time . it 's ready to take a picture right after you turn it on , especially if you bypass the " welcome " image sound and screen . - cool features , like color swap and color select . also , there 's an option for when the camera is connected to your computer to set any image as your computer 's wallpaper with just the press of a button on the camera . the camera also allows you to use the digital zoom while taking video , a nice touch . - you can change lenses and add filters very easily . cons : - as i mentioned earlier , one of the reasons i upgraded from the hp was to have better luck with low-light situations . i 've had the camera now for just over a month , and i still have n't figured out the best setting for clear , low-light photos - - something that was very easy to do with older canon models , say , the a 510. as mentioned , there is a wide range of settings available , which can also be a negative if you do n't know quite what you 're looking for . - no " action " setting . similar to above , the one setting i miss the most from other canons is that action setting . this camera requires you to set it manually . - video file sizes . a typical 4-minute clip can run upwards of 200 mb - - making it almost impossible to send via email or upload anywhere online . also takes up a good chunk of a 1mb memory card , really quickly . canon would have done better to use mpeg-4 here instead of avi . - similarly , the video quality does n't reflect the large file size in most cases , though the sound quality is very good . - the big lcd is great , but is very hard to see outside in the sun . it does have a backup optical viewfinder , but using that puts your nose up against that lcd and leaves a nice smudge on it if you 're not careful . - buttons are still somewhat confusing after a month of use , but that 's relatively minor and will undoubtedly pass with time . - bundled software does not offer the ability to resize your images - - i have to go back through the old hp software if i want to take an image down from 3000 pixels wide to 600 ! overall , as mentioned , the camera is a huge improvement from my old hp , and even with all of those little annoyances , i 'm sure the camera would be a perfect fit for pretty much any amateur-to-intermediate photog . it 's no slr , but it 's getting there . and , you certainly ca n't beat the price 
music pos 278.txt for the longest time , i have thought that observational truths were highly prone to being the most piercing of things : i have believed that the truth could either hurt ( or disturb ) you terribly , or make you laugh so hard , to the point of hysteria- -or a combination of both extremes . there are many things to put this theory to the test , but to cut it all short , all one would need to do ( if by chance it has n't been done already ) is experience the observational humor of richard pryor to possibly get a better understanding of what i am talking about . this classic comedy album from 1975 is a prime example . richard pryor has been hailed as a genius by many , and i would have to agree : it takes plenty of intelligence and natural talent to be a comedian for starters , but to also turn many disturbing observational truths of everyday life into something painfully , body-breakingly hilarious takes a whole lot of something as well . from the very beginning , to the tail-end of this cd , 1975 's _is it something i said ? _ is a non-stop laugh fest , that personally gets *me* laughing so loud and hard , i end up pretty much abusing almost every part of my body in the process : my throat , my lungs , my sides , my stomach- -they all end up feeling beaten and worn-out . richard 's takes on drugs , sex , race & racism , relationships , and politics in general are every bit as painfully observational as they are profane- -and did i mention hilarious ? the racy quality of the material found here makes so much of what 's referred to as " cutting-edge " these days , seem so contrived and unaffecting ; richard 's observations seem just as relevant now- -if not more so- -as they were 30 years ago . i could n't be graphic in pointing out some of the sickeningly funny moments on this disc - - and there are many - - but i should say that the opening one-two punch of " eulogy , " and " shortage of white people , " and richard 's take on his own battle with cocaine addiction in the " cocaine " bit get me cracking up so hysterically , i sometimes need to be careful not to make myself sick . and again , those are just a few of the many hysterical blasts found here . richard pryor is considered a comedic legend for a reason . this album here is a good example as to why he is considered as such . just do n't play it for the kids , and for the love of god *don't * play it during the middle of the night ; you most certainly will disturb the beauty rest of your family , and your neighbors . and you know what could happen if you disturb one person 's beauty rest : just imagine what would happen if you disturbed the beauty rest of many. . 
music pos 930.txt i have been listening to this album for at least 12 years and it rarely leaves my cd changer . i played the cassette version until it literally would not play any more , and it was one of the first cds i bought . a relative first introduced me to this album and of course & quot ; coming up close&quot ; was the reason i bought my own copy . but i came to love each song and appreciate aimee mann as an exceptionally gifted songwriter . it is a great & quot ; road trip&quot ; album and & quot ; on sunday&quot ; makes the perfect & quot ; summer song&quot ; . the mix is not mainstream pop / rock . it is not a 1980 's anthem , but it is one of the defining moments , for me . the lyrics have meaning , which sometimes defies what the ' 80 's were about . the only other thing i can say is listen to this cd ! i am sure you will find mann 's unique voice as captivating as i do . it is a definite must have for one 's cd library 
camera pos 329.txt in the never ending race for larger and larger megapixel counts , the d70s has fallen behind the pack . ( however , if that 's the only measure by which you 're judging a digital camera - you really should consider further research before plunking down several hundred dollars . ) nevertheless , it 's quite a good camera . what i like about it most : - it looks and feels solid . some of the reviewers that pan this camera for feeling flimsy and plasticky are apparently still stuck in the realm of pro cameras that cost several thousand dollars . it 's not a bulletproof titanium box that you can back a hummer over , but it certainly seems to outdo dslrs in it 's category . - very good battery life . - backwards compatibility with decade 's worth of nikon slr lenses . my gripes : - the latch that keeps the pop-up flash in place broke in less than a week . - inability to meter through older manual focus lenses . - lack of full functionality with flashes other than the sb-600 and sb-800. - nikon 's raw software and control software are n't included with the camera , and are imho overpriced . ( ...and on top of that , nikon has split what used to be one overpriced software package into two overpriced software packages.. . ) what would improve this camera the most : - iso 100 and iso 3200+ - ability to store multiple custom white balance presets , and then pull them up on the fly . - replacing the " idiot modes " ( i.e. " portrait " , " landscape " , etc. ) with modes that you could customize 
camera pos 975.txt this is my first camcorder , so i do n't have much to compare it to , but i 've enjoyed it so far . it 's easy to use . the picture quality seems high . the only minor problem i 've found is with the headphone input . had to try three different sets of headphones before i could find one that would fit into the narrow slot where the headphone jack is 
music neg 224.txt maybe its just me but the piano is out of tune badly enough that it should not have been recorded . i had to force myself to finish listening to the concerto and did not even bother with the rest . sad piece of work 
music neg 733.txt collective soul had a few nice attempts toward pop music like dosage . the main problem i have with this album is none of the songs are hits so no airwaves and the fact that the album probably has about 7 fillers ! its just to flawed to recommend to everyone it may be if you are a diehard collective soul fans . i wouldnt lose this album but i wouldnt buy it again 
camera neg 836.txt i bought this about 10 months ago with an additional camera . the night vision only works on one of the cameras and the interference is horrible . it snaps and pops all night long and i have to move it all around to find " just the right spot " .i actually have to sleep with earplugs in to drown out the noise . i live in a single story 2100 sq . foot house . i should have returned it right away , but i kept it because i had no other monitor at the time . now , 10 months later , the volume control does not work anymore ! i am now trying to find a new monitor . i love having the video monitor though , so i will look for a different brand 
music neg 169.txt charlotte church had the most beautiful and captivating voice i ever heard when she debuted . i purchased all of her albums and played them to death . this cd is horrible ! her beautiful voice is no more as she makes no attempt to even use it . some of the other reviews said this release is the result of her growing up . ridiculous ! she could easily have kept the angelic voice as she grew . this is simply a tragic waste of talent 
music pos 147.txt i bought this recording along with blood on the tracks recently and all i can say is " doggonit " it do n't get any better than this . they called elvis the king but bob dylan must be the " wizard " . who will tell us great stories when he is gone ? 
camera pos 433.txt the philips 8-inch digital picture frame is an excellent , high-quality device . very easy to get it going - the included cable and computer software make it simple to select digital pictures already stored on your computer and copy them onto the device . no need to mess around with memory cards - although the device accepts those as well if that works best for you . everyone who has seen ours loves it . it looks great and the picture quality and size are excellent 
camera pos 971.txt the casio exilim ex-s770rd is a great camera for the price . camera is the smallest on the market and will fit in any pocket . lcd sreen is large and very clear . 7.2 mp produces great picture quality and the functions are easily accessed . as this is my first casio purchase , i am very pleased with the quality 
camera neg 874.txt i found the same problem that other users of this product experienced . particularly the issue of the shutter release being at the bottom of the camera when composing a portrait oriented shot . i found a stroboframe flash bracket that rotates the camera counter clockwise within the flash bracket instead of flipping the flash . this leaves the shutter release at the top of the camera and also alleviated the other problem of speed light hot shoe breakage from repeated " flipping " of the flash that some other users have reported . the item is manufactured by stroboframe and can be found at an ebay store called " gadget infinity " under the listing title of " flash bracket with 90 degrees camera rotate feature " . buy it now price is $29.99. i just bought one and it arrived yesterday and i could not be happier . pass the word of this ingenious new product that will solve the issues that have plagued photographers for the past several years 
dvd pos 565.txt john sturges acquires a reputation as a solid director of superior westerns filled with tense action scenes such as : " escape from fort bravo , " " bad day at black rock , " " backlash , " " gunfight at the o.k. corral , " " the law and jack wade , " " the last train from gun hill , " " sergeant three , " " the hallelujah trail , " and one of the best of all wyatt earp movies , " hour of the gun . " he succeeds in one of the most exhilarating opening sequences of all western movies , when he had mcqueen and brynner riding a hearse up legendary boot hill creating a mood and peril that never allow the slightest degree of viewer confusion or ennui.. . for sturges , the west is a man 's world , and his cool , hard , detached style , emphasizing action , excitement and the rugged environment of the frontier , endorses the point.. . " the magnificent seven " is derived from kurosawa 's superb " the seven samurai , " a compelling tale of intimidated and impoverished medieval villagers hiring mercenary warriors to repel bandit ravages.. . the villagers in this case are mexicans , plagued beyond all bearing by the activities of bandit calavera , who always leaves them on tortillas and few beans.. . three of them cross the border to offer meager pay and sustenance for any professionally skilled fighting men who will aid them.. . yul brynner is the man , dressed in black , with the luminous dome and the hypnotic mongolian eyes who portrays the distinctive chris adams leader of the seven hired gunmen hired to chase some ' flies from a little mexican village . ' eli wallach is memorable as calvera , chief of the ruthless outlaws.. . he is greedy and merciless terrorizing without pity the poor peasants.. . steve mcqueen gives a standout performance as the sardonic gunman ( ' we deal in lead , friend ' ) , carrying appealing ease and sense of humor to his role as vin , brynner 's first recruit and second-in-command.. . charles bronson portrays bernardo o'reilly , who explains his curious name to chris , with ' mexican on one side , irish on the other- -and me in the middle ! ' bronson , the strongest face in western , and with a bit of mexican in him- -cunning face , steady eyes , revealing voice- -the character of bernardo o'reilly suits him perfectly.. . this half-breed gunfighter becomes the conscience of the team.. . because of his tender paternal instincts , he is adopted by three children who promise him , in case he falls , to bring him , every day , fresh flowers.. . robert vaughn- -who was to do nicely on tv in " the man from uncle " spy spoof- - plays lee , the ' good gun ' with black gloves and nightmares , living in style with no enemies alive.. . brad dexter plays harry luck , brynner 's happy friend who returns to join the team convinced of the existence of a large amount of hidden gold.. . james coburn makes a big impression as britt , the expert gunman who can out-draw a gun with his knife-throwing.. . his looks and vague figure of violence are quite a response for his few talks.. . horst bucholz represents youth , eagerness , and the urge to be proved and sorted out from the boys.. . he was caught on the road by rosenda monteros.. . robert j . wilke is britt 's insisting challenger who swells the ranks of the villains in many westerns like " high noon , " " the far country , " and " man of the west . " the magnificent seven 's success spawned three sequels : " return of the seven " ( again starring yul brynner ) , " guns of the magnificent seven " and , last and least of all , " the magnificent seven ride . " with a terrific oscar-nominated musical score by elmer bernstein , " the magnificent seven " remains a richly enjoyable western , shot on location in morelos state , mexico.. . 
camera neg 952.txt this adapter vignettes badly at wide-angle settings on my a700 , so much so that the field of view for which there is no vignetting is essentially identical to that without the adapter at the widest setting of the regular lens . thus absolutely nothing has been gained by using the adapter . canon , normally a responsible firm with many excellent products , is beneath contempt in marketing this lens . i called canon customer service and spoke with a sympathetic representative who took the matter up with " someone else " . the outcome was that they admit that there " is very little increase " in the non-vignetted field of view by using this adapter . she said she would put my comments on a company-internal problem compilation called " customer voice " . i can only hope it reaches someone high enough to do some good 
music pos 663.txt brilliant , glorious music- -all of it , although i agree with those who have come to feel that the ellington / strayhorn version of & quot ; the nutcracker suite , & quot ; in particular , is an all-too-often-buried treasure that no christmas season should be without ( and if you can ignore it for the rest of the year , you have more willpower than i ) . what happens to tchaikovsky 's marvellous music- -and grieg 's , too- -in these hands is creative homage of the highest order : the music is re-imagined from the inside , in wholly jazz terms , in a way that simultaneously illuminates and completely reconceives the original . what balanchine did for tchaikovsky and stravinsky in dance , ellington here does for tchaikovsky and grieg in another realm of music , and leaves us with works that deserve to be every bit as loved and celebrated as their older and better-known prototypes . and to top it all off , you get ellington and strayhorn 's own superb & quot ; suite thursday . &quot ; listen and rejoice 
music pos 710.txt forza eros ! may you live to make much more great music ! whether you understand italian or not , i heartily recommend this cd . in ogni senso lives up to its billing - it delights each and every one of the human senses , in all & quot ; sense&quot ; of the expression . this is a must-have for any true music lover 
music pos 612.txt this is one of his best cd's . you really have to listen to the words on the cd , he takes you to whole another level . he is one of the best r&b singers ever , just close your eyes and listen to the song " maybe " and think of that special place for you and your lady 
music neg 57.txt this cd is awesome from beginning to end . i really enjoy listening to this type of music . this cd is a must have . 
camera pos 36.txt this is a great lens for star fields . it is about the least expensive lens canon makes and also one of the fastest . the focus was sharp to the corners without coma . see my photo of a portion the milky way . this was obtained with a 30sec exposure with a rebel xt on an inexpensive clock drive sitting on a picnic table 
camera neg 805.txt i bought this camera about a month ago and i am highly disappointed with it . the quality of the pictures is very poor , showing large grain , even at shq and low iso settings . no combination of settings seems to improve quality 
music pos 726.txt i cannot stop listening to the song i saved the world today . the cd is worth the price for this song alone . the whole cd is great though ... classic eurythmics that sounds as great today as their earlier work . annie lennox gets all the attention ... and she deserves every bit , but dave stewart certainly deserves as much . they make a great team and this cd should have been given much more attention in the usa . i hope they do n't take so long to do another one 
software pos 435.txt i initially purchased creator 9 to do the same thing this software does , but the only thing is it didnt hang my computer when it came down to burn the dvd . this software is pretty much easy to use , comes with two ( bibles ) manuals , plenty of information in there to creat some good videos . i recommend buying this or you can always buy creator 9 have it crash your system and then spend a few days trying to review other products out there that have gotten good reviews such as this one . you will be happy with the videos you make . you can make a video containing still images ( pictures ) , video from camcorder camera or from your computer , add text in the movies , add background music , its awesome . i must say again it wont hang your system . please get it , your family and yourself wont be disappointed . 
camera pos 748.txt images from this camera are very high quality . the 18x optical zoom is very usable with only minimal distortion noticeable at the extremes . the optical image stabilization system ( based on stabilizing the ccd image sensor instead of lens elements ) is quite good and performed well under several different circumstances ( moving car , boat , shaky hands ) . my main gripe with this camera is the lack of high speed usb 2.0 support . the fine print says that the usb interface is " full speed " which means a maximum transfer rate of 12 mbit / s instead of the 480 mbit / s possible with high speed usb . so , downloading photos from the camera through the usb interface is painfully slow compared to most current generation digital cameras such as a canon sd900. the software provided with the camera is somewhat difficult to use and is slow and unresponsive . it would also be desirable if the camera could accept a lithium ion rechargeable battery in addition or instead of the 4 aa batteries it uses . but , battery life with both alkaline and rechargeable nimh aa batteries was adequate . 
music neg 7.txt ok , so the song playing when brian goes and we see mia for the first time is a song called " deep enough ( urban remix ) " by live . i have the other songs written down , including the one played between the two buildings , so i will find them and tell you . if you all want only the songs that were actually in the movie , rent the dvd , and take about ten minutes to watch the credits and write down the song names and artists . that 's how i have only the songs that are in the movie 
dvd neg 329.txt let me begin by listing all the great things about the movie . 1. it is incredibly beautiful animation 2. the music is amazing 3. i happen to like how the movie is darker than the tv series the things i do n't like about the movie : 1. the characters are not developed at all 2. you get the feeling your only skimming the surface , like a starving person being tost a crumb of bread 3. it almost seems that every seen in the movie was stopped half way through the writting process . ok you may have see that i gave this moive a 2 out of 5 , well that is becuase of the story line and plot.the story line of any movie is much more important to me than the animation . the movie left me with a odd emptiness from begining to end . i just kept thinking there has to be more . but there wasn't . the best way i could describe it would be to say it was as if the movie were a lost child at the carnival that no matter how hard it looked it just could n't find its parents . this movie is for the person who likes action and no character development fluff . but if you are the person who likes well developed characters and story line please do n't buy it rent it first . i 'm not saying its a bad movie by any means , just a bit empty for me.just one more thing the escaflowne series is very very good do n't let any bad reviews of the movie discurage you from getting the series 
music pos 829.txt this album grabbed my attention from the first measure . thick and heavy , this is not like any blues album i 've ever heard . very atypical for hidalgo as well . this one is probably an acquired taste - one for the truly hard core blues fan . the sheer uniqueness grabbed me from the start , and the more i listen to it , the more i like it . i can only hope there 's a houndog 2 in the works. . 
camera neg 446.txt i purchased this and spent 3 days on the phone with hewlett packard trying to get the correct adapter so it would fit my r818 camera ( the dock has a thin port , roughly 10 connectors ) while the r818 has a mini usb plug ) . hp was less than helpful when it came to trying to get the correct adapter , getting a different answer each time i spoke to a different rep ( even being told at one point that no supervisors were working ) . i was finally able to get someone willing to send me one , but said it was going to be 10+ business days to get it , which by then i 'll be on vacation ( and i purchased it well in advance giving myself time to get the adapter , thinking it was not hard to get ) . i was looking forwared to using the dock on my vacation . i would definately *not* recommend this if you have the photosmart r818 digital camera , unless you like the stress of spending hours on the phone with hewlett packard trying to get a correct part , and waiting 10+ business days to get it 
camera neg 752.txt i agree with reviewer steve - anything less than a few hundred feet and these binocs are worthless . the paper works says the " may " focus down to 35' . maybe some will but not certainly not my pair . i am returning them since they are not good for simple viewing around the yard . and no , the rubber eye caps absolutely will not stay back making these binocs almost unusable by people with glasses ( like me ) . scot 
camera pos 478.txt what a great little accessory for my camera . could have used it in seattle last month , boy did it rain 
camera pos 58.txt very good rechargable battery pack.holds charge for a long time even if camera is not used much . capable of taking many shots with plenty of review time . very pleased with it 
camera pos 265.txt bought this remote about a month ago . it does what it says . you can even use it from behind . great little device for the price 
music neg 601.txt it 's not as good as his other albums . he tries too hard and he praises himself way too much . poor guy ; no wonder it had a fake case 
music neg 774.txt while i doubt i 'll ever get used to the edited ( single ? ) version of ' nights in white satin ' presented here , i have to agree that the song selection in general is excellent for a compilation of this seminal band . that said , the moody blues ( or more likely , their record label ) have n't exactly been shy about releasing such anthologies and hits collections on cd , either . while ' gold ' represents an affordable means of buying some of the best known and loved music from the moody blues , it also is for me one of the most trying listening experiences as well . if i had to guess , i 'd say much of the music contained on ' gold ' comes from different masters than the songs currently found on other collections , and on the band 's original cd albums . there are definite issues with the sonic quality of these songs as presented on this disc . for instance , the music track of ' nights ' is horrendously compressed in comparison to earlier cd versions of this song ; perhaps the record label was working with an unremastered single release master of the song ( my guess ) , but the audible discrepancies between this version and earlier examples ( albeit , in the full album form including the late lament and the full orchestral intro ) are hard for this listener to stomach . i can point to any of the earlier music included here and say pretty much the same thing . whatever the reason , the original source material used for this cd could 've seriously benefitted from earnest remastering work . while i suspect that would 've raised the asking price of ' gold ' , i also would contend that great music deserves such caring treatment . as it is , too much of ' gold ' as issued is indeed quite tarnished , which in the real world given the metal that goes by periodic symbol of au would 've been impossible to do . but evidently in realm of the corporate music world , when selling music on the cheap and banging out sloppily compiled cds it 's very easy to take the most precious and thoroughly muck it up 
camera pos 844.txt this is a pretty accurate radar gun for baseball , as far as i can tell . if you follow the directions , and are as close to the action as possible , and at a " straight on " angle , it looks like its correct in the + - 1 mph statement . however , this is a cool gadget , but if you are serious about " speed " and would like more versatility , then your going to have to go with the official mlb jugs gun...but at a much higher price . good luck 
camera pos 752.txt i got this camera for my birthday present in january and i 'm extremely satisfied . i 'm very new to the entire " photography world " , however this camera makes it easy to get into . the camera is smaller than i expected , however it takes great pictures . i use it often for pictures while we are on trips . the picture quality is great , however screen quality is n't up-to-par with other brands . this is a great value and i really like it . my only complaint is that the easyshare software is bad . it 's slow , outdated , and does n't work well overall . i recommend getting a 1 gb sd card . i have 3 of them 
camera neg 750.txt i bougt this camera because i had had a sony coolpix 3 , which took great pictures . with this camera , you can never get it adjusted right . if you use the flash the pictures are to light , if you dont they are too dark . it is a constant battle with this little cute camera . worse camera purchase i ever made . 
camera neg 75.txt i purchased the canon powershot s500 digital elph last march . i kept getting blurry pictures so i called canon technical support . they went through the whole procedure to make sure my camera was all set up . well i followed their directions but everything was the way it should have been . so they said i should send it in because there was obviously a problem with it . then i sent it in and had to pay for the shipping there . they sent it back and said they had switched out some optical thing . well i just finally went to get my pictures developed and they all have the same problem . they never fixed the problem . mind you this was the approximately 9 months of my son 's life before the age of 2. i called tech support and ended up having to wait more than 24 hours for a call back from a supervisor . she said they would send me pre paid envelope to check out the camera . well i was greatful and had to tell her that during babysitting in late august a little boy had dropped my camera so there was damage to the outside part of the camera , but it did not effect the quality of the pictures because they were the same as prior to the day it was dropped . she said that they would probably not cover it due to the fact that it might have been caused by the dropped camera . i told i have proof of when it happened and that the pictures prior to that date are coming in blurry just like it was before i sent it in the first time . i started to cry that my son 's 9 months are all ruined and she was practically laughing when i got off the phone . the camera is worse than a disposable camera . do n't waste your time or money on this piece of junk . i recommend olympus . my olympus prior to this was only 3 megapixels and was better quality than this piece of junk . i am planning on contacting the better business bureau regarding this matter . please do n't waste your time on this , like i have to ! i hope this helps people make better choices ! good luck ! i wish someone could have forecasted this for me 
camera pos 533.txt we purchased this camera as a replacement for our bulky sony dsc-p52 , which stopped working after year or so due to a problem with the lens mechanism . naturally , only time will tell if this is any different , but in the meantime , here 's what you need to know about this baby : the good : 1 ) size and weight - fits almost comfortably in any pocket . much thinner and lighter than any previous digital camera i 've owned , thus encourages one to carry it most anywhere . the size is also pretty comfortable for one-hand shooting . 2 ) big lcd screen - you did n't need me to tell you this , right ? makes previewing images and taking shots much more satisfying , though sometimes it does not appear very clear , especially if the subject is not static . however , it is bright and rich in color . 3 ) infolithium - this is sony 's name for a battery that tells you how much time it has left - only approximately , of course . if use is consistent , will provide you with a good idea . if you use one function then another then another , it tends to vary much more and is not as useful . 4 ) integrated charger / usb station - a flimsy plastic cradle takes care of charging the on-board battery as well as providing a usb hookup for downloading images and video into the computer . minimizes wires and removes the need for a separate charger , though the bright white color is far from a match . the bad : 1 ) focusing problems - the camera cannot focus on objects that are relatively close to it . i am not speaking about macros , but simply the function - or lack thereof - to focus on small , near objects , such as coins , stamps , or text . quick focus on objects farther away , though . 2 ) integrated battery - i listed the infolithium as a positive , but the fact that you cannot just pop-in a couple of aa batteries means you will always need the station or the plug to charge up if you need some juice . i do n't know if the battery is universal , but even if it is , it will cost substantially more to purchase a replacement . 3 ) incompatible memory sticks - i will not complain about sony 's desire to make consumers pay more for its cards than adopting a standard , but this camera uses the memorystick duo , which is about 1 / 4 or so smaller than the " regular " memorystick . this means that the hundreds you may have invested in memory cards for previous sony digital cameras are pretty useless , as they do not fit into this or any other device using the smaller cards . 4 ) ineffective flash - the flash is tiny , thus does not provide adequate illumination in the dark . within a few feet is okay , but farther subjects are not touched . 5 ) 3x optical zoom - c'mon , this is 2005 ! 3x optical zoom is pretty pathetic for such an expensive camera . 6 ) slow write speed - there is a decent pause between pictures , meaning you not be able to shoot at a rapid rate . you can certainly take pictures in bursts , but it takes even longer to write to the memory stick . previewing the images is also slow . this is also disappointing , as it 's not faster than my older p52. 7 ) no tripod hookup - if you wish to use a tripod , you have to mount the camera on the plastic station , then connect the tripod to the plastic dock . this is far from ideal . well , there you have it . the negatives i listed may be insignificant for you , in which case this could be a great value for you . i am certainly happy with it , but i only wish sony would stop treating its customers like cash cows with changing standards , compatibilities , and dubious long-term quality 
camera neg 14.txt polarizing filters are used to eliminate glare on non-metallic surfaces like glass or water . they can also be used to increase the contrast and color saturation of your image . i use my polarizer not only to eliminate glare , but also to make skies a nice shade of blue or to get some " pop " out of clouds . there are so many options to consider when purchasing the polarizing filter for your needs . for instance , linear vs. circular , film or digital versions , or quality vs. price . if you are making use of a ttl or auto-focusing system , circular polarizers are designed to work with those features . linear polarizers has their uses , but they are manufactured differently and may not work . unless you are certain , just get a circular polarizing filter . there are some digital circular polarizers on the market . i am not sure what makes a cir-pl lens better for digital as opposed to film . i use a canon 20d digital slr and see no problems caused by using a supposed non-digital filter on a digital camera . most of the time , when it comes to filters ; you get what you pay for . does that mean you need an expensive polarizer ? of course not , just be sure to get the right filter for your needs . what ever polarizing filter you get , make sure it is color neutral to prevent unwanted tinting . spending more on a color balanced filter will save time in post . if you need multiple filter sizes , consider saving money by using step down rings . currently i use the hoya pro1 filters , as the canon polarizing filters i previously owned were without question bulkier and heavier . the weight might not seem like much , but when you stick all your items in a backpack all the extra bits of weight add up quickly . i can spend a good amount of time with my equipment on my back so this is a big concern for me . when it came down to the images , at times i would see a browning tint on my photos . the tint is easy to clean up in photoshop cs2 , but i do n't see that problem with the hoya pro1 filter . overall , i would recommend against the canon polarizing filters . i originally thought , " it is canon , it must be quality . " since then i have replaced all my canon filters . this filter works , but comes at a cost of disadvantages to other similarly priced filters . pros : can be used for film or digital cameras eliminates internal reflections and ghosting cons : bulky and heavy not neutral color balance 
dvd neg 69.txt i have been a long-time radiohead fan and , like many others , have been waiting patiently for a live dvd . so i was thrilled to find out they released one and immediately bought it without even looking at the setlist . it never occurred to me that they would release material that is nearly 10 years old ! i could n't help being disappointed when i watched this dvd . the constantly changing camera angles and general lack of concern for the song itself make this unpleasant to watch . in fact , i only watched it once and it has since been gathering dust . i know i would have enjoyed it much more had it come out when the songs were still in their prime . i 've always that radiohead was modern , progressive , and totally innovative . i appreciate their old music but they have come a long way since pablo honey.. . and it does n't help that before every song , thom mutters " this is a new one . " 
music pos 350.txt there is a reason why styx was the first musical act to have 4 triple platinum albums in row ! find out why . they are a unique band , with their own uncatagorizable style and sound . not hard rock , but can rock . not pop , but catchy melodies and great three part harmony . not art rock , but themed concepts in their writing and dramatic tempo changes and crescendos in their music . it is probably true that lady was the first power ballad , though styx was not credited for it . lady paved the way for other rock bands to showcase their softer sides . perhaps styx was not always successful in their attempts , but they took chances artistically and musically and should be given props for doing so . every song on this cd is great ; however the two that stand out for me are too much time on my hands and suite madame blue . most people who have spent time in neighborhood bar will would likely agree that too much time on my hands is witty , funny , and true . suite madame blue a song which is a metaphor for the united states is simply one of the greatest rock songs ever ! ! the lyrics of suite madame blue are as powerful as the music , and this song contains all the elements which made styx great 
music pos 367.txt while not dissimilar to other excellent acts such as coldplay , keane , and pete yorn , travis have distinguished themselves as a band with their own unique style and sound . this , their 2nd album , is the best of their music : melodic throughout , with catchy tunes , solid lyrics , and tremendous guitar work that captures the listener from the first chords of ' sing ' to the fade-out from ' the humpty dumpty love song' . if you buy an album once you know three or four or more of its songs are excellent , then i confidently recommend the invisible band to you . rating each song individually for one 's ipod : 1. sing , side , the cage , afterglow and the humpty dumpty love song are each worthy of four to five stars 2. pipe dreams , flowers in the window , safe , follow the light , and indefinitely are three to four star songs 3. the balance are two to three stars each . the only poor effort is probably " last train " , which is too plodding relative to its counterparts the invisible band is basically a healthy mix of folksy , hopeful songs mixed with just the right amount of melancholy . nowhere is this better reflected than in ' the humpty dumpty love song ' , which defines this mix perfectly . while this is the best of the album , the rest is well worth listening to repeatedly . highly recommended 
camera pos 100.txt this battery is backwards compatible with the d50 , d70 / 70s , and is used in the d80 and d200. so if you have any nikon dslr and want a second battery , you want to get this one so that when you upgrade your camera you can use the battery . this battery has built-in circuitry that tells you the actual charge status of the battery , and it is accurate . this is a big deal ; *if you are using the d200 or d80* it lets you know when your really do need to switch batteries or charge up . this is the first battery i 've seen that is accurate in this regard . kudos to nikon . ( this feature does not work in the d50 / 70 / 70s but the battery otherwise works fine ) 
camera pos 217.txt do n't listen to the reviews that claim that this lens is not a good choice for cropped sensor cameras ( ie the 20d , 30d , rebels etc ) the canon l lens are the best and this particular lens is no exception . i have had the lens for less than 24 hours now and am in love with the sharpness and color already . great lens , great color , so well built , super sharp , just watch out if this is your first l lens , you 'll be hooked . this is a lens you will have for many years , great investment 
music pos 323.txt great trip down memory lane . had forgotten that paul davis had recorded some of the songs . " i still go crazy " is one of the best songs ever 
camera pos 355.txt these cameras are as simple to use as any i have ever seen and the quality of the pictures are as good or better than cameras costing 3 times as much . great buy 
camera pos 447.txt at 10mp , this camera takes some of the clearest and visually stunning pictures i have ever taken with a digital camera . the clarity and detail alone are reason to get this camera . the display , although pooh-poohed by others as too small , is quite large to me . the cameras small , lithe design is another selling point . nothing bulky about this camera . you can put it in your front pants-pocket if you needed to . do yourself a favor and get this camera . you wo n't regret it . 
camera pos 630.txt its a cable , it works , what else do you want ? i know its not the cheapest one out there , but this one says " sony " on it . yea ! ! but , i am a true believer that you only get what you pay for . im sure its better quality than the five dollar version at the flea market . who knows , but i sure feel all warm and fuzzy about getting quality sony products . 
music pos 968.txt though i own alot of paul desmond recordings , this one as been in the cd changer for weeks now . there 's great , gentle interplay with jim hall , and a total sound that is most enjoyable . warm and round notes make this perfect evening music which i have found pleases most everyone 
music neg 862.txt ok , at long last public enemy has finally let me down by allowing a bunch of sub-par average , non-innovative , non-avent guard , dj 's mix there stuff up . even dj spookie 's mix was not that grand . everything sounds like beats that i discovered in the early 90's . on the other hand , this album is only a couple bucks used , so i would highly highly highly suggest buying it if only for 54321 boom which is perhaps one of the best pe tracks ever to come out ! not only are the beats right on , but the lyrics are some of the hardest i 've heard yet ! and for the note , my review has nothing to do with me not being flexable to change of sound . infact i love the new pe ( whirl odor ) even though it has club friendly sounds , mainly for the fact that they are not your mere average club beats ( they are very multi-layered ) and of course the lyrics once again only get harder and harder and harder , and more direct and to the point as we aproach the last times of this world ( lyness ) 
music pos 655.txt sorry , ya just ca n't replace michael hutchence . this is a great overview of all of their greatest hits . i am not a huge fan of greatest hits cds b / c people tend to buy them and , therefore , miss all of the excellent songs that were n't released as singles . all inxs cds are worth buying separately . but , if you must.....this will work 
music neg 842.txt i 'm going to the trouble of writing this review to warn you : this cd is not like the other putumayo cds . no , it is not fun , hip , relaxing , good to dance to , or stimulating . it is a selection of hackneyed sinatra-style slop sung by a variety of leery-sounding men with fake deep voices . i have this rule for music : if it makes me think of animated dogs kissing over pasta , it sucks . consider yourself warned . if you like good music , try french cafe instead 
camera pos 729.txt i 've seen this item for no less than $7.00 elsewhere , so i got a good deal . 
music neg 698.txt based on the reviews for this cd i decided to buy it without having sampled it . big mistake . i love , among others , marshall crenshaw , don dixon and peter holsapple , but what happened here ? this was so not fabulous 
music neg 45.txt ok , booty rap was good in the 90 's , when it was offensive and raunchy like , 2 live crew , disco rick and the dogs , poison clan etc.....but this is just wack weak lyrics , corny typical krunk beats that start all sounding the same....and is it just me are these guys as rappers , just horrible there voices all raspy , and annoying and one the guy 's from the groups always does that annoying shout thing in interviews like hahhhhherrrrrr.... . ( what is he on crack or something ) so if you like radio friendly , pretty boy music then the ying yang twins are for you peace.. . 
camera neg 463.txt this is a good example of the kind of scope astronomers warn beginners away from . the first red flag is the ridiculously high advertised magnification of " 600x . " do you know what you will see at 600x in this scope ? nothing but a dim blur . note that the objective ( main ) lens is 60mm . all telescope optics have inherent limitations ; maximum useful magnification per millimeter of aperture is about 2x . therefore , with any attempt to use this scope at magnification of over 120-140x , the increase in image size will be more than offset by breakdown , and that 's even assuming the quality of the objective lens is any good . the finder is useless ; a 6x30 is barely adequate , and this is not even that big . finding any object other than the moon will be an exercise in frustration . the 1 1 / 4 " size of the eyepiece is creditable , but too high a mignification for this scope . and the field of view is in doubt , and do n't even think of using the barlow . buy this scope , and after a few outings , it will most likely sit in the attic . the review immediately before mine is correct . this is no way to get started in astronomy . in a way , it is hard to fault celestron for making and marketing this scope . their upper-tier instruments are quite good , but the big money appears to be made on mass market toys like this . in one sense the sale of these scopes subsidizes their good models . just make sure , gentle reader , to stay away from the toys . using an astronomical telescope is not like playing an mp3 file and but rather like playing a guitar . it is a learned skill . and you must do a lot of homework before you buy a telescope . buying without prior experience is like buying a car without knowing anything about driving . if you want to see the wonders of the sky , contact your local astronomy club and attend one of their star parties . the members love sharing their hobby and can set you straight as to how to get started . the best way is to learn the sky with the unaided eye and 10x50 binoculars ( decent ones are available on this website ) , then graduate to something along the lines of a 150-200mm ( 6-8 " ) dobsonian ; celestron 's own 6 " starhopper can be found on amazon for under $290. for more information on buying telescopes , see my encyclopedic guide on amazon : " so you want to buy a telescope . 
camera pos 951.txt i bought this product almost a month ago , its sleek , its reliable and has all good features a good digital camera should . worth the money for a sony camera , this camera has the usualy seen high quality for a sony product 
camera pos 823.txt great product . good value . maybe a little slow for focusing , compared to my old 18-55mm canon lens . good quality pictures . great all in one lens 
camera neg 252.txt i am fascinated with this machine . it has incredible detail although it lacks a little lattitude and details are lost as soon as there are some shadows . the battery so far usually lasts me the whole day when i go touring . if i take care to shut the display down as soon as i dont need it anymore i find that when i am on a cruise ship or visiting another country i can take all the movies i usually want - - and recharge when i get back to my room at night . the only problem is playback on a tv or pc . the bundled software made by ulead is not user friendly and , whereas the previous xacti i had played back images and video clips in the order i had taken , this one separates them and plays back either clips or images . before i played back through my panasonic hard disk dvd recorder and recorded a dvd directly . now i have to go into my pc and do a whole lot of editing and so far the " movie factory " program keeps crashing . i imagine somebody will eventually suggest a better software program , or i will learn to use ulead , but for the time being the pictures and clips ihave taken have very good detail , and the machine has operated flawlessly . 
camera pos 547.txt i purchased this camera as a replacement for canon optura 20 which was dropped and when estimate for repair exceeded price of this camera , i decided to move on . after using dcr-hc28 for several weeks , i believe this is a very neat package . overall , i am very satisfied with this camera . one of the first things that i noticed is that color representation in low light conditions is much more accurate than that of canon . i grew accustomed to adjusting optura 's white balance indoor in order to get accurate color tones . now i am finding , that automatic settings work just fine and , in fact , i did n't have a reason to play with presets as of yet . this camera is more of a " point and shoot " type than canon . it provides you with manual controls , but they are not easily accessible . still , i have not found a reason to mess with these . besides , for those , who would claim that manual settings are necessary for advanced / professional type of filming , i would point to the price tag and ask where and when did they last see an advanced / professional camera for under $300 ? this camera is also about half the size of canon and combined with low price and weight , produces a package that i can drag with me while going to the beach , bicycling , hiking , etc and not having to worry about ruining expensive piece of electronic gear , as was the case with my optura which , at the time when i bought it , cost me about 2.5 times of what i paid for sony . so far , i 've used this camera in about all of the lighting conditions that i would expect to ever having to consider . i have no complaints about its performance . picture seems to be sharply focused and color tones are correct . focus is fast enough to keep up with little kids or to shoot some sports / action . sound quality of the microphone is quiet acceptable . there seems to be very little noise from drive motor and it is not picked up by the mic so it is not transferred to your recording . all of the essential controls and menus are within easy reach . there are few negative points that prevent me from giving this camera 5-star rating . lack of any kind of accessory shoe or external microphone input is a drawback . it would be nice to have these , as it would increase range of conditions under which one can use it . still , among my friends , who actually have a camcorder , about 90% do n't own an accessory light or external microphone , so if it was possible to lower camera cost by omitting these features , it is not a criminal move on part of sony . the lcd display could have been a bit larger and it would not hurt if sony would provide it with more freedom of motion - it only swings out to 90 degree angle and in certain situations it is a limiting factor . 
camera neg 688.txt not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for ! 
music pos 858.txt forget the nit-picky comments you may read here , if you are a fan of any of the artists on this album , buy it ! the recording is of very high quality , and i agree with another review , vacuum tube amplification makes the vocals even better . the banter between the artists in between the musical numbers is a real treat for fans too young to experience these shows live . one other observation , if you buy this not having a huge appreciation for sammy already , you will be blown away by his talent . ..thanks to sinatra family for releasing this disc . hopefully many more are forthcoming 
music pos 70.txt as with her second album , i love " thankful " . kelly clarkson has a beautiful voice and has a lot of talent . i especially like " whats up lonely " , " you thought wrong " , and " just missed the train " . although the whole album is very good . 
music neg 957.txt please make these songs available to listen - with windowsmedia ! 
camera pos 272.txt 15 years of photography experience here.. . the sigma 15mm fisheye has been extensively reviewed and compared by other websites ( go ahead and search ) and this is a very good product . the canon has a tighter focus and a *touch* faster in focusing , but with the massive depth of field with this lens , it 's not a problem at all . be aware that if you use this on a 1.6 crop factor digital slr that has aps sensors like my 20d or digital rebel , then the fisheye effect is not as pronounced on film or 1.3 or full frame digital slrs . watch lens flare should direct sunlight hit it also...but that happens to any lens that has protruding or bulbous lenses . this is a much better bang for the buck lens than the canon equivalent which costs significantly more . if you search around , you can find much lower prices on this lens 
camera neg 17.txt i have been using this cord for about a year , and i had problems with its durability . it actually worked fine for a for the first 5 months , but then it started to fall apart . when mounted on the hotshoe of my flash bracket , the thin plastic shoe ( where the flash is attached to ) developed a crack and eventually broke off , making it useless to mount the flash . i had to buy a replacement part from canon ( who charged me $16 for this small plastic piece ) . i flipped the flash carefully from then on , but then it still cracked ! ! i wrote to canon and asked them to reinforce the bottom maybe made of metal instead of thin plastic . so far , there is no response . a few months later , the cord , for some unknown reason , makes my 550ex flash switch from the ettl to ttl mode , and making the flash fire at full power , overexposing the entire image . i checked the flash by putting it directly on the camera 's hotshoe , and the flash worked fine , switching back to the ettl mode . for a piece of equipment from canon , it 's hard to imagine it giving so many problems . it 's like they only paid tons more attention to their cameras than their accessories . as there are no other oem manufacturers of this cord , i am forced to get another one and hope for the best . 
music neg 942.txt awful . i mean , really awful...and i liked " self portrait " because you knew dylan was just trying to have some fun with his image . this album is just a disaster . the lyrics are ok on most songs ( i 've seen worse by dylan ) , but the music is unexciting , not very creative , and downright embarrassing on some tracks . why , oh , why did you have to make an album like this , bob ? such talented people at your disposal for these sessions , and you threw it away on garbage arrangements . shameful . really sad . 
music pos 825.txt what 's more to say about what may be the best " rock " album ever ( especially if you consider the " my kingdom " ep to be the second disc in a two disc set ) ? the most emotionally wide-ranging album from one of the best bands ever . who else has ever made music like fsol ? the beatles and fripp&crimson are the only possible contenders . i 've never heard anything that does a better job of juxtaposing the terrifying and the unbearably beautiful . if i could pinpoint the one disinguishing feature of all fsol / aa releases , it would be ( as a line in " the isness " goes ) " ...[a longing for] inexhaustible ecstasy . " it 's all the more poignant on this album because of its being interwoven with themes of terror , paranoia and a sense of unrecoverable loss of something without which life is n't worth living . it sounds hokey , but just opening up the booklet while listening to " her face forms in summertime " and reading the scrawled message " things are getting f* &ked up round here " makes my eyes a little watery . my cd developed a 2 second glitch and i just ordered another one- -this is so incredible that nothing less than perfection will do . just a few points of note : if you 're wondering why you spent all that money on your two channel stereo and you have n't heard this album yet , pick it up and turn it up . i 've heard recordings with more bottom end and slam , but none with more depth , nuance and musicality . i 've also found that one of the true tests of a masterpiece is whether it 's possible to really enjoy listening to anything else after its over . play coltrane 's " ascension , " beethoven 's string quartet in a minor op. 132 , or bruckner 's ninth and see what i mean . i played dead cities last night and everything to which i tried to listen sounded hopelessly trivial afterwards . in the early 80s , a lot of my friends used to speak of the clash as " the only band that mattered . " at the time , i did n't think any band had mattered all that much since ' 72. to my now-much-older ears , fsol fits that description more accurately than any band to the last 35 years , and this is probably their best work ( every single one of them is a desert island disc , however ) . one of the very few utterly timeless classics of modern music , and a record that belongs in the collection of anyone with ears . 
music pos 758.txt if you want a feel good , come home from work and forget your day cd you found it her 
camera neg 885.txt just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it 
dvd neg 534.txt this particular dvd edition of nosferatu is an excellent example of the importance of music in setting a film 's mood . i 'm not sure when this " score " was " written " , although it is far from effective in depicting the time period of the film . nor does it convey the proper mood in many points during the film . with this edition 's music , i got confused at times between what i saw and what i heard , and the whole thing became an unaffective joke after a while . if you want an affective , edge-of-the-seat experience out of nosferatu , i reccomend another edition . 
music neg 108.txt any group that is so lacking in imagination that it has to steal as unusual and distinctive a song title as " boulevard of broken dreams " ( a 1934 hit song ) deserves to be ridiculed , not rewarded with a grammy . i 'm just full of original ideas . i ca n't decide whether to write a song called " wake me up before you go-go " or " grandma got run over by a reindeer " - or maybe " do you know the way to san jose " ? 
camera neg 821.txt i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! ! 
camera neg 404.txt my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800. my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000. tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500 / 600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [... 
camera pos 513.txt he adquirido este flash para completar mi cmara evolt e-500 y considero que es la combinacin perfecta . se requieren de conocimientos adicionales de iluminacin y fotografa para obtener las mayores prestaciones que ofrecen ambos equipos . altamente recomendado 
music neg 527.txt this soundtrack does not have all the songs in it from the movie . i was looking for two from the movie , and the soundtrack did not have them . like , a song by michelle branch that is in the movie is not in there . bo 
camera pos 869.txt i bought this camera around the beginning of july and have used it several times already . i 've upgrade from a nikon coolpix 3200 to this one due to smaller , sleaker size and more megapixels . this camera takes excellent pictures , in broad daylight as well as in the dark . red eye reduction is wonderful , however the flash does go off about 4 or 5 times . it 's not broken.. . it 's supposed to do that for everybody who thinks their camera has a glitch . overall , i think this was definitely a good buy and am looking forward to taking the camera on vacation ! 
music pos 539.txt i assume you already know what 's on this recording or you would n't be here , right ? do n't you probably have a thirty-year-or-so old vinyl copy of this that you have n't listened to for years because it 's dusty and has scratches and pops and who listens to that stuff anymore anyway ? well , i wo n't review the music here because others have done better than i would , but i will say that listening to this remaster through a high quality set of headphones ( sennheiser ) has enabled me to hear this as if it were the first time . it 's totally worth the money to get this new version , and the bonus tracks just make it even more fun . 
music pos 454.txt the debut release entitled " breathe " by artist called blue stone is one of the best new age albums that i 've heard in years ! i would even go as to say that it is even better than any of amethystiums albums . " i am " is heavenly and " contact " is an eerie number that is destined to be a future classic ! 
camera neg 993.txt i read other review , and decided to give it a try . as soon as i recieve it in the mail , and opened the box , i realized this was a mistake . cheap quality binocular with " high power " being a selling point . it came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart . you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place ! it is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation . you will be constantly ajdusting the focus . your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it . indeed strap , case , lense protectors are all cheap crap , and annoying to have it all on~ ! i am taking this back , and buying made in japan " nikon eagle view " 100 times better . you get what you pay for~ ! ! ! ! ! 
music pos 641.txt this album is hard ! e-40 always come sic wit it . if you do n't got it , ya betta git it . it reminds me of his ( my fav . ) & quot ; i a major way&quot ; album . sluppin ' from intro till outro . he is the bay area 's finnest . please belave it 
music neg 215.txt not exactly the " vaults " blowing open , as stated in the promo . these are mostly leftovers and one-offs from the late 1990s , when the group was on hiatus from serious recording . that 's why the set is overloaded with forgettable jingles from television shows , literary journals and graphic design firms . whats good is the material that was recorded for albums and subsequently rejected , such as " reprehensible " , " rest awhile " and " certain people i could name " . but there are too few of these real songs , and they 'd have fit a lot better on that long-awaited b-sides collection from their major label career 
music neg 149.txt why are they butchering pac 's songs like this . i advise anyone to get the bootlegs over this album . the original ghetto gospel and loyal to the game are 2 of my favorite pac songs but the one 's on here are painful to listen to . afeni should have let dj quik , daz , and whoever else that worked with pac do this album . they should have just digitally remastered the bootlegs . this started with still i rise to until the end of time to better dayz and the quality has been going down and down and they hit rock bottom with this one . the 2 stars is 1 because it is pac and another for the song uppercut . the most obvious butcher job is black cotton where em chose a fast beat and you could tell he is trying to speed up pac 's rhyme . i hope they do better with this last album due out this year 
dvd neg 397.txt i found this movie to be almost unwatchable . if your idea of a good time is watching henry gibson trying to sing while the camera takes long pans over dull crowd scenes , then this movie is for you . the three minutes of excitement near the end barely has anything to do with anything that preceeded it . altman can pull off such greats as " mash " and " godsford park " and then stink up the joint with this . what 's up with that 
camera pos 155.txt easy , fast and serius tool , for cleaning your optics . the easy use is discribe in the manual that is very clear to understand . cleaning is fast with the nikon lens pen , cuase it has the necesary to do the job well done , as any profesional tool . now i have 2 of them , for my two camera bags . 
music neg 579.txt i played several samples of this cd on my computer while visiting the amazon website and my male cat started meowing along . this cd is good for calming a cat and lining his box . face it , yoko ca n't sing ( unless you have a cat 's ears . ) 
camera pos 598.txt solidly built , this tripod balances well even when used with the heavier sony cybershots like the dsc-r1. the remote shuttle release button helps to further reduce camera shake , which is priceless when taking photos in conditions where camera shake is amplified ( high optical zoom , supressed flash , etc ) . what surprises me is the fact that the shuttle release button on the remote works exactly the same as any sony cybershot : press halfway to focus , and all the way down to capture the shot . the zooming buttons do not work for the sony dsc-r1 as the camera has a manual zooming ring , but they should work fine with any other cybershot that comes with an electronic zoom and of course , an acc terminal . highly recommended . 
camera neg 111.txt i received the remote this evening and have not been able to get the remote to work with my canon rebel xt camera . followed the directions that were furnished with the remote to no avail . it appears that this remote is defective 
camera pos 432.txt i bought this for my mother-in-law who is in her 80s and set it up for her . it 's quite easy if you 're already computer literate , and the controls are very user friendly as well . the software could use a few tweaks to make it not look so basic , but for someone like my mother-in-law , it works well . wish i had a docking station for my nikon . 
music pos 604.txt sounding thing occurred when ex-springfield messina melded with loggins , and it was large ! c.s.n. &amp ; y . strove to be this good every time they released a tune . this compilation not only displays the music-crafting abilities of these two in conjunction , but also showcases their power to deliver dynamic live performances . dedicated to todd j 
music neg 391.txt i have to disagree with the majority of folks here who consider this cd the jazz end all . i find it grating , and darn near unlistenable . i have built a small but quality jazz library the last few months . miles davis , dave brubeck , kenny burrell , grant green , cannonball adderley , stan getz , chet baker , wes montgomery , bill evans and thelonius monk to name a few . this guy is by far my least favorite . his playing on miles davis cd 's i have and with monk is largely enjoyable and i know he 's a giant . but this stuff ? . the live recording on disc two was so grating i could n't make it through . it sounded to me like a bunch of geese being slaughtered . give me the other guys anytime 
camera pos 129.txt i am certainly happy i bought this filter kit . for a starting photographer , the price was right , and i have not noticed any quality issues . the uv filter stays on a lens at all times , as it 's cheaper to replace the filter , than it is to have a scratched lens element repaired . the light polarizer is very handy , and also works very well , cutting down greatly on glare . i have not yet had the occasion to use the warming filter yet . the filter case is a nice extra , it fits right in my camera bag , and is out of the way untill i need it 
books pos 525.txt this is a great book to have in your collection if you 're a fan of blues music and history . by far , it 's not the only book out there . there are a number of notable artists this book is missing . hopefully , future editions of this book will begin to fill some of the gaps . that being said , this is a very good reference just the same 
music neg 607.txt hey folks , this is brilliant and all , like the articles say , but what they do n't mention is that it 's impossible to listen to . there are no verses , choruses , or even beats to speak of . there are no songs . it 's just a sound collage or something , from start to finish . the booklet prints lyrics but i could n't find ' em . this music is too brilliant for its own good . and you can forget about using it as party or background music . jdub 's other offerings are much better 
music neg 309.txt apart from the great selection of soundtracks , what really makes this compilation top value is the quality of the sound processing . executed with finesse , these tracks sound better than when first issued and many are unedited , fuller versions : like " singing in the rain " , for example . throw in the great price , and this double disc set is a " must have " for all lovers of classic movie music 
camera pos 39.txt hoods offer several benefits to the photographer . primarily the hood shades the lens from stray light that may result in an unwanted discoloration or hazing of the image , or the appearance of lens flare . shading your lens helps improve contrast and image quality . a hood is not required to eliminate these problems , as any item used to shade the lens will provide the same protection from stray light . the hood is convenient in that it is built to offer protection while ensuring that it will not inadvertently find its way into your image . photographers often state the protective abilities of a hood as a reason to have one . this hood being a solid petal shaped offers limited protection from keeping moisture and wind blown debris off the from lens element . when in place , the hood can protect the lens from impacting solid objects . being shallow and petal shaped , this type of protection is also limited . even if the protection is limited , replacing a damaged hood is usually cheaper than repairing the lens and easier to replace . this hood is manufactured for the canon 28-135mm f / 3.5-5.6 is ef and normally is not included with the lens when sold new . amazon often suggests purchasing one with your lens , and is worth considering . since the hood is wider than the lens ; it can easily be stored attached in a reverse position . this does n't add to the length of the lens , but does make it wider by about an inch . an inch may not seem like a lot , but in a tightly packed camera bag , it is huge . this lens itself is n't unusually wide so the extra inch may not be a problem . while the protective benefits exist , they are secondary and limited . i find the impact the hood has on my image quality to be the more convincing reason to use a hood . considering the impact on image quality and the low cost as compared to my other camera equipment ( except for a lens case ) , purchasing a hood is money well spent . pros : improves contrast and image quality reduces lens flare problems offers limited protection to the lens cons : takes up more space in your camera bag to store with the lens 
camera neg 647.txt i purchased , through work , the powershot s70 in july of 2005. i 've always owned nikon products personally , but the features for the price of the s70 swayed me away from my usual nikon brand loyalty . in the 12 months i 've had the s70 , it 's been sent to the factory twice for repairs- -the second time was just 6 days before the warranty expired . the first time it was sent in was because the lens door failed to turn on the camera and it was almost to come off of its track . eight months later , the flash quit working in all modes and the door was failing again ! the flash and door problem occurred while i was in yosemite np , so you can imagine the disappointment in being in a place like that with a camera that is only half functioning . now , the warranty is expired and i hold my breath every time i slide the lens door open . i have no faith in the canon s70 and have lost a lot faith in canon products as a whole . the only bright side of this experience is that the factory repairs were completed within 2-3 weeks , which i thought was fast for warranty work 
music neg 396.txt nothing like eon . eon is the one . this was a hack sequel with no guts . very dissapointing 
dvd pos 981.txt this is a terrific tour of hawaii . the photography is incredible and it shows hawaii 's breathtaking scenery including beautiful beaches on oahu and maui , mt. haleakala and waimea canyon . the music 's great and the narration includes lots of travel tips as you 're completely immersed in a hawaiian vacation - volcanoes , exciting nightlife , surfing , scuba dives and hulas that " were so alluring that the missionaries banned them " . the only person who would not like this dvd simply does n't want to unwind and relax during this fascinating travel guide . after you see this you 'll want to explore this paradise yourself and this dvd will help you plan your trip or your honeymoon 
dvd pos 907.txt this movie is intimate and special . some reviews say it is the story of obsession , of fetishism , of trivial things . however , this movie is the story of something special in a young teenage boy 's life : his fantasy woman . the character malena rarely speaks throughout the movie , but we see her exactly how we are supposed to see her - through the eyes of an old man telling the story of himself in young " love " . this perspective makes her ideal and special , with few flaws , as a fantasy woman is to a young man . malena is instantly a likeable character , not awful and disgusting like those using her . we cannot forget that our narrator , renato , is not actually a teenage boy but an older man telling his own story . therefore , he is unreliable as a narrator . malena 's sins are washed clean through his judgement , and we believe him when we see her victimized by the other women . however , renato has had years to think about everything , to contemplate what really happened to her . so , in the end , the people who use her are completely despicable , unable to garner any liking . of course , she is a victim , but she eventually falls into the gossip that others believe she is guilty of with the men . the movie does offer a hint that she could have escaped all of the problems : she is from another city and her husband , for most of the movie , is dead . yet , she chooses to not escape but to stay , and her fate is sealed . the music in the movie was nominated for best score in 2000 , and it is beautiful , emotional . it truly adds to the feeling of the movie . i would recommend this movie to anyone for the compelling story , emotion , and characters . you will never forget this movie . 
music neg 150.txt come on . i cannot play these dual discs in my car nor any regular cd players . j&mc are excellent though 
dvd pos 26.txt our one year old loves this one , and so do i . the music is wonderful . the creative incorporation of vivaldi 's four seasons and monet 's masterpieces are entertaining and educational . the children , little puppets and sequences with toys and nature makes this interesting for our child . we watch this one most of all the baby einstein 's that we have . 
music pos 302.txt in the early 60 's etta james was to r&amp ; b what patsy cline was to country . she could cross over and yet remain true to her roots , and that 's only one part of a nearly 50 year career ! from the velvety cross over soul of & quot ; at last&quot ; to the hard driving memphis soul of & quot ; tell mama&quot ; , this is one legend who certainly deserves a wider audience than she has today . she ranks right up with aretha franklin as an influential vocalist . i took far too many years to discover her power . if you have n't given her a serious look yet , stop wasting time and begin here 
dvd neg 537.txt i find it almost incomprehensible in this more enlightened technological age that there are a very limited amount of your subscribers who are concerned about the appaling presentation of all but two of these movies and i also wonder as more and more older movies are being re-released enhanced for widescreen tvs that no one seems concerned that arguably the most classic of classical movie musicals remain in a truncated format that cannot be properly watched if one has a widescreen tv . these movies scream out for the widescreen , they were made with the ultimate technology of the time to be seen as wide and as broard as possible . yet they remain stuck in a non anamorphic style that limits their enjoyment to anyone with a widescreen tv and , with one exception , all the people who have written about them dont seem to care . " oklahoma " , " carousel " , " south pacific " and " king and i " need to be updated to 16.9 anamorphic widescreen ( also preferably with some genuine extras and commentaries as well ) . fox are years behind the rest of the movie studios in this regard and have only recently started to adapt their films for the format of the future ( ie observe the two versions of " an affair to remember " ) of course , this is a major rip off , so anyone with a widescreen tv who has not bought these films - -hold off , coz sooner or later they will get a proper release...how long ? that is anybody 's guess , but these postage stamp versions are an insult to anyone who knows anything of widscreen dvd technology ( " sound of music " is fine and " state fair " was made in non widescreen full screen format , an should be viewed with lines either side of the screen 
music pos 348.txt wonderful cd the music brings back a lot of childhood memories ! a must have for those who are looking for a cd that includes neil diamond 's top hits . 
music pos 856.txt i was looking for some nice background nature sounds to have playing while i work throughout the day . this collection hits the spot . great sounds , great variety , great price 
music pos 84.txt it tiptoes through the years and delivers the punch , but as i wrote in my review , i never thought shangri la was going to be the last , though it appears just that . but all in the suit , man , they did that after shangri la de and i wonder , if this was the direction to come , my god ! ! ! ! it 's worth it for that track alone. . 5 stars is my own way of saying thank you , but it is not just sentimental , the only album in the short career that was n't great was tiny music , but the quote " trippin " made up for it . it 's a shame it 's over . i do n't like revolver , it 's not evolution for weiland and i ca n't imagine him being happy there , it steps back and all i ever hoped was that someday this band , stp , would reign supreme and been given the praise and adulation they deserve . all i can do is give stars , but i would rather buy another stp album or go see them live...is rock dead ? i think it is and it went with this band 
camera pos 557.txt this case is vital to protect the lightweight s1 which could be easily damaged from a drop . the case does not detract from the convenience of the s1 , it adds virtualy no bulk to the camera so that it still slips in a pocket or a purse easily . 
music neg 956.txt what an outrageous group , how can anyone like this rubbish . maybe an horde of brainless people . how i feel happy in being intelligent , and live my life with things of absolute quality and not consuming this kind of food for mediocres . how said romans , " it 's just bread and circus to the poors " . give to people what they deserve , rubbish ! it 's because you mediocre people that buy this , that this kind of people , the members of this group , get money and laughs behind the scenes about how dumb people can be . it 's the same horde that buy , beyonce , spears , madona , and other outrageous poor music . 
camera neg 724.txt i was extremely disappointed with this camera . it 's a shame there is no option for zero stars , because it does n't even deserve one . i bought two of them for a vacation to belize because we were planning to do a lot of activities in and around the water , and we were hoping to capture those memories without risk to our digital camera . now i really regret not putting a little more money into a waterproof case for our digital camera rather than wasting money on this camera and developing pictures that were only worthy of the garbage can . all of the pictures from both cameras were very grainy - terrible , terrible quality . the camera that we took pictures with while diving was slightly better than the one we never even submerged in the water . those pictures were so grainy that we could n't even tell what the pictures were supposed to be of . extremely disappointing for a camera that was n't even submerged in water . not to mention both cameras said that there were more pictures left on the roll when there were none , so we took shots that we thought were going to be really amazing only to find that they were n't even on the negatives . i was so disappointed in this camera that i wrote to kodak and they offered to send me two new disposable cameras . unfortunately our trip to belize was a once in a lifetime trip , so i have absolutely no need for replacements - the damage is done . and i have no desire to ever use one of these cameras again . if you are planning on using a disposable waterproof camera for capturing valuable memories , do not waste your money on this one . the only thing you will receive from the photo lab is disappointment . i wish i had done more research before purchasing this one - please do n't even bother with it 
music neg 447.txt when the preview aired , i was pushing the movie to all my friends , based on the hilarity of the preview . at that time , i skeptically said , " i hope these do n't turn out to be the only funny parts . " and that was exactly what happened . the rest of the movie was full over overdone gross jokes , crass humor that went way over the line and kept running . the pee joke was funny once , but even at that one time they overdid it , then overdid it again , and then again . the harry potter parts were hilarious ! jack sparrow was awesome ! but i wished i had not been forced to watch the rest of the crap just to see a few funny parts of the movie . it 's another scary movie ( 1 ) deal , only worse ! i love the newest scary movies , they are funny , but 1 really sucked . it was funny now and then , but a lot of it was stupid . so is epic movie , only worse . do n't waste your money buying it . rent and fast forward . 
camera pos 332.txt the digital rebel is the most amazing camera i 've ever owned . my previous camera was a canon a90 and i loved using all the features on it [great camera ! ]. i decided recently that maybe i should graduate to a slr because i was starting to get more creative with my photography . i spent a great deal of time researching cameras and finally decided on the digital rebel . after a few months of owning it i still am amazed . the image quality is fantastic , it 's quick and responsive , and every day using it i learn a little more . it 's the perfect intro slr camera for me because everything makes sense and it 's easy to learn . i 've gotten amazing shots that i could never dream of getting with a point and shoot . if you are finding yourself wanting a little more than a point and shoot , go for this camera , you wont be sorry . 
music pos 898.txt this was the first queen album that i ever had so getting it on cd is great . " sheer heart attack " is an overlooked queen gem 
camera neg 185.txt i have owned several canon digital cameras and like them very much . i purchased the a520 as a gift for a family member . after several months the lens cover problem that everyone writes about started happening . it would stick paritally open or closed or all the way open . the key word being stick or stuck . i took it to a canon service center and they repaired it under warranty . after trying to use it for the 1st time several weeks later the lens cover was stuck open and would not budge . i took it back to the service center and they repaired it again . while looking at the paperwork after the repair they stated courtesy repair only and not under warranty . it was under warranty and had 90 days from the date they did not repair it the first time . after emailing canon they said to just email them if i have a problem and they would see what they could do . very poor . i like canon digital cameras but wish i had never purchased the a520. i bought it because of it 's low price , which was a big mistake 
camera pos 499.txt i bought these binoculars for my dad for christmas , and he is absolutely in love with them . the distance it can handle is slightly above average , but the clarity is really where this thing shines . its very easy to use , and has held up reasonably well . i would recomend it to the casual user 
music pos 987.txt good stuff ! an excellent collection of original and classic gypsy jazz tunes , artfully performed by jorgenson . i recommend it as an introduction to the virtuosity of john jorgenson and the genius of django reinhardt 
camera pos 855.txt i really enjoy my photosmart r725. it 's small , easy portable , takes wonderful photos , and is very versatile in terms of settings . i just have one thing i do n't like about it , and that 's the fact that there is no viewfinder . there is an lcd screen on the back which acts as a viewfinder , but it 's hard to see in bright sunlight , and i 'm afraid that it will eventually become scratched beyond use . for now , it 's great but i 'm not sure how it will hold up for the long run . at the same time , it 's not spendy , so it might be worth it 
camera neg 930.txt i bought this item for $40 online and then found out my canon camera didnt need a cannon brand charger and i could have bought one for $10 instead . in total i spent for this charger which included the shipping and handling . not worth it . go to another store and by one for $10 
music neg 120.txt while some would call orange and acme " studio " albums , suggesting that they lack originality , but they have rythm . i would call myself a big jsbx fan , i play orange and acme constantly , however i feel that this album is a little too much free form , and free noise for the everyday listener . i would recommend that anyone interested in jsbx start with acme and then move on to orange to develop an appreciation for jsbx , because it is a rather acquired taste 
camera neg 420.txt like others , mine will review pictures but shuts off almost immediately when in i turn it on in still mode . bought in december 2005 , it is now not working . it is scandalous that so many of us have the same issue and sony is not addressing it . sony should be forced to recall these cameras . 
music neg 128.txt i 've never written a review , but i just wanted to let you know if you buy this album you are a complete idiot , and you 're killing hip-hop . stop killing my music 
camera pos 429.txt this camera does everything it says ; yes , it 's waterproof and i was very uneasy taking a digital camera into the water for the first time ! ! only reason i did n't give it 5 stars : it is as slow as every other digital camera i 've owned as far as focusing , multiple flashes , and then actually shooting . you get your subject 's attention and they smile , frozen , as you hold down the shutter release for a good 3 seconds until the shot is taken ( in low light . ) i was especially intrigued by its " bright capture " technology , but it honestly does n't seem any different in low light than my old sony u20 2mp tiny little snapshot camera . still that same flash-in-the-dark look . there is a fill-flash low light program mode ( among many many others ) , but the shutter speed sets itself so slow the background becomes a messy worthless blob , even if you hold your breath and try to remain still . my ideal snapshot camera is portable , durable , quick , easy , and produces excellent results without having to think about your exposure modes . this camera has 3.5 out of those 5. it is way portable , very durable , easy , produces ok results but you have to mess with settings if you 're not in daylight , and it 's not very quick . overall i am very happy with the purchase and will carry it everywhere 
camera pos 791.txt the seller was super fast , the product well packaged and as described . thank you 
music neg 869.txt although a few of the tracks seem inspired , it 's mainly mulligan going through the motions with getz , with very little chemistry between them . & quot ; anything goes&quot ; and & quot ; scrapple from the apple&quot ; are nice enough but beyond that it 's weak . mulligan himself did n't speak very highly of the recording session , saying that he enjoyed his other dates with desmond , webster , and hodges , but mentioning that & quot ; granz wanted that session a lot more than i did . &quot ; of course , it would be quite out of the ordinary to hear anything but negative remarks about stan getz and his sparkling personality . save your money and go buy the 2-disk reissue of & quot ; meets ben webster&quot ; . or , if you do n't have it already , the seminal pacific recordings with chet baker 
camera pos 995.txt i just got my new camcorder and start to operate it . first of all is 's very easy to operate with the joystick , the use in the still image function is allways available , even while shooting a video ( nice feature but as all camcorders - low quality pitures ) the stabalizer ( one of the reason why i 'd preffered that cam over the other ) is great and even in full zoom you can get pretty steady videos . the large zoom ( x32 ) is also very nice . overall i think this is great value for my money... . 
camera neg 535.txt i tried the trick of resizing , but honestly , the image quality is still abyssmal . the images are so low-resolution that only the vaguest of detail comes out . please , if you 're thinking of buying this for someone for christmas this year , choose something else . it might be okay for someone with low standards or poor eyesight , but for anyone who can see well and knows what a good digital image looks like , this will be a huge disappointment . the good news is that in a few years these digital keychains will have advanced and will offer much better performance - that 's almost guaranteed . so put this one on the " must buy for mom " list for the 2008 christmas season . i very seldom write a review , and only wrote this one to keep people from making the same mistake i did 
camera neg 256.txt i am still giving this camera 2 stars because.. . i may have used the wrong settings when taking photo's . but.. . i ended up with " a lot " of blurred and fuzzy photo's . " example.. . when we went bowling , almost every photo was blurred or had those acid trip looking streaks . " my biggest complaint is the battery door broke completely in half in less then 4 months of use . you might expect that out of a $30 dollar camera but " not " a $3 hundred dollar one . i paid $284.99 for the camera , $47.99 for the 1 gb sd memory card and $51.54 for the docking station and that did n't include s&h or taxes , they were extra $$$ ! my husband replaced this one for me with the kodak easyshare c743 and g600 printer dock and it 's a 7.1 mp and it takes better quality pictures that i can print @ home for less then this one . ( $249.95 w / free shipping & handling and 1 gb sd memory card included ) from k o d a k online 
camera neg 329.txt this camera was great at first and very easy to use , however , the condensation error many others seem to have came true for us as well . when we first got the error it had not been anywhere near any water or moisture , so we put it in our cedar chest ( we keep our house very dry and do n't live in a humid area - nebraska ) . this worked for a few months , but the error is now on permanently and the camera is useless . i wish it was different , but bottom line , this is a disposable video camera - a nice one , but still disposable 
music pos 77.txt i feel bad doing this becuase i love iggy and the stooges but the quality on this set is pretty bad . all the live recordings are worth listening to and probably owning but the quality is very rough and can get frustrating . it 's like the first beatles anthology set : the material is amazing but the quality is bad . on the plus side the studio outtakes are decent quality wise and amazing content wise . the packaging is also very nice . i just though i 'd share this information before you drop all the money on the set . if you are a stooges fan do n't hesitate purchase now but if this is your introduction you should probably wait . 
music pos 365.txt nwa was an original rap group and with that being said , this is definitely a must have album for rap lovers . along with public enemy , nwa christened their genre with hard core lyrics and tight bass beats . although i do n't agree with some of their lyrics , one would not expect this white kid to fully understand their view on life . anyways , buy this album , i recommend it . keep it away from the kiddies though 
camera pos 249.txt this is my first and very expensive entry into digit slr photography . i have used canon point and shoot digital camera previously . i was avoiding dslr 's because i used to rarely use my eos film slr . the convienience of a point and shoot from that experience was overwhelming . unfortunately so are it 's limitations . so back i came , and the only choice though expensive was the eos 5d for it 's full frame sensor ! the pain was reduced by the double rebates . wow ! this is a revelation ! beautifull images , lot of control . i did notice that the af was not as fast as my old elan iie . i was also disappointed that for the price there was a lack of weather sealing . i am not happy with canon for this , but i really appreciate them for making a full frame sensor in a difficult marketable slot as far as their line up was concerned . this camera also needs prime or l lenses , because the sensor will reveal the inadequacies of inferior lenses . this add 's to the cost . this is an exceptional photographic tool that i hope to use to improve my skill as i explore all it 's capabilities 
music neg 937.txt once " the very best of 10cc " was released in 1997 , it was the collection to have . that collection included 15 tracks that spanned 10cc 's career , ending with the godley and creme hit " cry . " so why would this cd be released , especially since the only thing it offers over the prior cd is " channel swimmer " and " do n't hang up ? " buy the cd " how dare you " and " the very best of 10cc " and you will have three times the music you have on this cd for only twice the price . an unnecessary addition to the 10cc portfolio 
camera pos 648.txt this is a great camera . the quality is good and the camera is very durable . i 've accidently dropped the camera several times , and it still works . however , i would suggest getting a memory card if you want to take more than 24 pictures at a time . 
camera neg 759.txt this is an awesome little camera . except that you ca n't use it at night ! there are horrible white spots in nighttime photos when the flash is used . apparently these appear because the flash is so close to the lens in this camera , and so dust reflects badly . it 's a known problem [...] also , it 's totally annoying that sony uses all their proprietary technology . as a result , the cable for connecting this camera to the computer is unwieldly ( uhh , have you heard of usb ? ? ! ! ) , and you have to buy a sony memory stick , which probably wo n't work with anything else you have . on the flipside , you can take movies that are n't limited to 30 seconds with this guy - i think that might be a result of the memory stick technology . but other than that , the design and operation of this little guy seems pretty slick . the lens is not one of those that pops out , so not sure if that affects image quality at all , but as far as i could tell , quality was good . in the end , what good is a camera that ca n't take usable pictures with its flash ? ? 
music pos 683.txt when a young artist names her first two albums not & quot ; judy&quot ; or & quot ; collins&quot ; but & quot ; a maid of constant sorrow&quot ; and & quot ; golden apples of the sun&quot ; , you know she takes herself seriously.originaly released in 1961. and 1962. their names were all i knew until i saw this cd recently . &quot ; who will buy this ? & quot ; i wondered just to see the only copy snatched right in front of me.the comparisons with first two baez albums are inevitable ( some songs were recorded by both ) althought collins shows much more passion and involment where baez seemingly seduces herself with the beauty of her voice.on these early albums collins is frighteningly devoted keeper of the flame and her repertoire is almost exclusively traditional - which means not only ethereal beauty but also a certain ( to some ears , overpowering ) seriousness , cleverly mellowed by inclusion of joyous & quot ; o daddy be gay&quot ; , a cousin to her & quot ; grandfather&quot ; recorded years later.althought i honestly love these songs and listen only this cd for days , these early albums are today much more significant as seeds of collins later trademarks ( voice will soar much higher in the future , she slipped w.b.yeats into traditional folk collection just to later blossom into first-rate art-pop singer ) and as they were product of their greenwich village times , they may sound a bit dated to some modern ears.but they are still hauntingly beautiful to me , i waited their re-release for too long 
camera neg 886.txt well . i was convinced the fx07 was a bad product after using it for 6 months . like a lot of other reviews have pointed out , the noise level in low-light condition is annoying , and give you a watercolor-like effect . some pictures i took during a visit to monterey bay aquarium turned out completely dark ( to prevent this beforehand , i even took photos of the same objects using several different settings , only to get the results of bad , worse , and worst ) . the picture quality is nowhere close to my old old old sony cybershot t7. i was totally disappointed . if not for my t7 was broken , i would n't even wanna use this camera . even re-sell it to other people , i would feel it 's like a crime . after revisiting this webpage and read more user reviews , i realized i must have got the defective item from amazon . well . what can i say ? it 's been 6 months . bottom line : just be careful when you received this item . do some test shots . if anything looks suspicious , ask for a replacement . after all , all the high praise here ca n't be all wrong 
camera pos 900.txt this accessory is very useful when taking group pictures with the photographer included 
music pos 504.txt for those of us who thought phil collins was to be lost in the mass pop culture , think again.. . that was back in the early 80s when i heard this. . it is mastery distille 
music pos 120.txt following the demise of soundgarden in 1997 , everyone was curious what chris cornell would do next . would he immerse himself in another band where he could display his blood-curdling screams or would he surprise everyone with something totally different ? he chose the latter . with natasha shneider on keys and alain johannes on guitars , cornell found the opportunity to break away from his heavily zeppelin and sabbath-rooted musical background , and he also asked some other musicians to make an appearance on the record . the result is a very diverse album , highlighting cornell 's immediately identifiable vocals and relatively more simpler songwriting . that said , he had the chance to incorporate a multitude of other instruments , including tambourine , theremin , and timpani . besides the trademark blues rock-ridden songs that helped cornell make a name for himself , he also digs deep into psychedelia , best heard on " preaching the end of the world " , a song that finds cornell opting for thick , radiohead-like arrangements , lofty acoustics , and a strange mix of keyboard and guitar effects . not too different is " disappearing one " , guesting soundgarden drummer matt cameron with its moving vocal melodies , shimmering keyboards and even a vague clarinet addition . surely , soundgarden fans expecting a very heavy record with meaty guitars and lots of aggressive vocals will be sorely disappointed . but they need to realize euphoria morning was meant to be different way before cornell started working on it . solo projects serve the purpose of letting the artists express themselves in ways they are unable to in their own bands . and considering this , euphoria morning is a huge success . that said , there are still some songs where the band behind cornell churns out some rocking riffs and rhythms , such as " flutter girl " and especially " pillow of your bones " during the chorus . the former starts out in an almost poppy fashion but quickly picks up a playful funk bass line and is finished off with a cool blues lead ; whereas the latter is more straightforward , employing lots of acoustic and electric guitars as well as weird percussion work . the final song " steel rain " is also a number that alternates between decidedly heavier parts and more haunting , ominous moments . the ethnic drumming ( great tabla rhythms ) on this track is quite experimental given cornell 's music with soundgarden and later on with audioslave . " follow my way " and " when i 'm down " are the most moving songs , with the latter featuring a deft piano and organ melody beneath cornell 's heartfelt delivery . this is another song that embraces his love for bluesy guitar work and it also features some female backing harmonies during its pre-chorus . similarly , the title track is a passionate piece where cornell sings entirely a capella over acoustic guitars . there are no other instruments ; cornell plays his guitar and simply sings his heart out . a remix of the effect-laden " mission " would later be included on the mission impossible 2 soundtrack while " moonchild " became a minor hit with its eerie atmosphere along with the opening song " ca n't change me " , perhaps the most modern-sounding , upbeat song on the album . despite being only three minutes though , its flow is majestic , borrowing harmonica , tambourine and shimmering keyboards that climax at the final second . my european copy of the album contains a very different version of the opening song , with french lyrics , accordion , mandolin , and female vocals backing cornell . the song returns to its english chorus at one point , but the rest is all delivered in french and perhaps more engaging than the original version in some ways . chris cornell is one of the greatest voices in rock and this solo album is testimony to his greatness . when freed from any band restrictions , the man is capable of crafting some of the most moving and brutally honest songs ever . 
music neg 993.txt when john cipollina was in the lineup and he and rhythm guitarist gary duncan were in the groove , there was no better sounding group than qms . cipollina 's talent was awe inspiring . unfortunately , one of quicksilver 's overbearing and domineering members ways led to cipollina 's departure . without cipollina , qms sounded like just another mediocre rock group , despite the talents of duncan , freiberg and elmore . i saw them at the hollywood palladium 33 years ago and can verify this.if you want to hear them at their best , buy the 1st album , happy trails , or lost gold and silver 
music pos 198.txt this cd is perfect for driving . the downtempo / beat driven ambient feel and overall togetherness of this cd is a perfect choice for easy electronic listening . overall very pleased with mr. schnauss ' contribution to the genre . highly reccomende 
music pos 946.txt the best place to start with the best is at the beginning . enya 's the celts ( identical to the original 1980s release simply called enya ) is a beautiful collection of music . enya is not an artist where you just get the " best of " album . every cd is a best of in itself 
camera neg 715.txt in my experience , this camera takes great pictures , but the zoom lens is so delicate that it breaks easily . it stops extending and just makes a clicking noise . this happened to me when the camera accidentally turned on while in my pants pocket rendering the camera unusable . my brother and two of my friends experienced a similar problem with their ex-s500 after they accidentally dropped the camera while the lens was extended . i would recommend looking into another camera that is not so delicate 
music neg 857.txt it is ludicrous to even mention the fact that the duprees have lasted so long and can still be seen in atlantic city considering the fact that there is not one original member of the duprees in the group that is seen in atlantic city . this is a major problem with many groups purporting to be from the 50 's and 60's . the duprees appearing today is a perfect example of caveat emptor ... buyer beware for those readers who do n't read latin ! for those of us who were duprees fans , this is a not to be missed cd of the original duprees with the incomparable sound of joey vann and harmony that is hard to match . they did joni james proud in their remake of a number of her hits . it is nostalgia personified hearing the original duprees 
camera neg 198.txt it looks great , genuine leather , much better than synthetic . like a brand named leather wallet . but there is no where you can tie the case to the camera . hence you have to hold onto it with another hand when you pull the camera out to take photos . there is no where to put the essential accessories ( battery and another memory stick ) . there is no way to clip to the belt . will like to return if if not the hassle of mailing and the associated cost . bought another handy synthetic case afterwards 
music neg 22.txt before you get all worked up , let me say that he has a voice , but he really does n't have a style . he sings songs way too straight , he makes even bobby short sound like an improviser ! he also does n't seem to be in touch with his masculine side , his vocie is very , well if ying is male , and yang is female , he sounds very yang . he needs to take some liberties with the songs he sings and then he wo n't sound so obnoxious , then he needs to take some vocal lessons and try to bring out the ying ( masculine side ) in his voice . he needs to hear a few billy eckstine lp's . i do n't think he can change but here 's hoping he 'll take my advice . as far as you buying this cd it is your decision , this is just my honest opinion 
camera pos 91.txt i bought this camera owning 2 more digital cameras . one kodak and another canon ( a70 ) . amazing product.. . pro.. . almost everything. . cons.. . no audio on video i definetly recommend the product for the price 
camera pos 317.txt this lens has only two " faults . " first , it is big and heavy- -quality construction often yields a heavy lens . second , once the photographer has seen the results that this lens can produce , there is a likelihood that he or she will be unhappy with the other lenses in the camera bag . results first : the images are razor sharp with this zoom mounted on my nikon d70s . i can get shots that i never could get before because this lens is so crisp that subjects taken at a distance nevertheless can be cropped to produce an acceptable close-up image . subjects taken at more normal distances are breathtakingly sharp- -as if shot with an excellent prime lens . this is a fast lens ( f / 2.8 throughout its entire zoom range ) . almost more importantly , this lens has the best " bokeh " that i have ever experienced in a lens . " bokeh , " to the extent that i understand the concept ( it is a japanese word meaning roughly " unfocused " ) , is a word describing whether the out-of-focus portion of an image ( i.e. a blurred background in a photo in which only the subject is in focus ) has a pleasing look to it . this lens produces wonderful , creamy bokeh . the sharpness and bokeh , combined with the excellent bright color rendition of this lens , makes this one a true classic . i have occasionally experienced minor ghosting on this lens when shooting into a very bright subject , i.e. the sun reflecting off of the ocean . this is a normal shortfall of a zoom lens comprised of a multitude of elements , and i have sometimes experienced this . but such occasions are rare . the autofocusing action of this lens is very good . even birds at very long distances usually produce a quick , snappy autofocus lock on my nikon d70s . very seldom does it " hunt " for an af lock , and these occasions are likely due to operator error rather than the lens . this lens also features vibration reduction ( vr ) which enables it to produce acceptable images below what an f / 2.8 lens would otherwise be suitable for . the vr really works , too , although it is by no means a panacea for dim lighting . this is one of nikon 's professional lenses , and the quality of construction is excellent . the critical mount is metal , and the entire lens is built like a tank . the lens comes with a nice squeeze-style lens cap , and a very good lens hood that can be easily reversed for storage . the reader can see that i am extremely enamored with this lens . the reason is that , notwithstanding its bulk and weight , this lens produces the best nature shots that i have ever managed to take , by far . 
music neg 321.txt i can understand that robin felt a need to include some of the biggest bee gees hits to appease the fans , but the ones that were sung by barry are below wretched here . robin frequently disappears in the sound mix , becoming little more than one of a group singing harmony . that 's fine for a group concert , like the bee gees , but inexcusable for a solo effort . his stiff between song talk sounds like a bad lounge act . they should have kept this in the can . it seems like it is meant as little more than a money grab for robin . do n't do him the favor 
music pos 808.txt much improved voice , same great guitar . slow album , especially on his two remakes . country sound on no reason to cry ( beautiful solo ) . this cd would have been a 6 stars had he mixed in a thunderstorm to the background of gonna rain today 
music pos 919.txt whoa.. . this cd rocks , one of my favorite anti-flag albums for sure . this cd may not be what some of the harder punk fans want from anti-flag but i think it also shows they 're growth as a band . they can play more than just really loud hard punk ( though they play that awesome too ! ! ) . some of the songs on this album incredibly powerful , and some are really catchy too . war sucks lets party is a great anarchist anthem , and one trillion dollars is amazingly moving ( i mean , seriously ! 1 trillion $ spent on weapons around the world in 2004 ! ) every track is good and has its own message ! they seem to have no problem coming up w / new songs.. . there are so many things to ridicule in our gov . i just wish that more people would listen to this band 's message . peace and lov 
camera pos 378.txt what 's not to like ? light , compact and comes with the strap , case and wipe cloth . they are perfect . keep in mind 12 power can be more challeging to hold still 
music neg 798.txt this cd should have been called " the most annoyingly overplayed songs of the 1990's . " with the exception of " shine , " every single track on this cd is juvenile , mindless , fluff that was overplayed on the radio in the radio until you were ready to scream ! if you 're looking for a cd that represents the greatest music of the 1990 's , check out non stop 90 's rock or forever 90 's instead . however , you might be interested in this cd if you want to host a cheesy 90 's dance party . the songs are kind of fun and catchy if you listen to them in moderation 
music pos 53.txt this is not only brian eno 's best album , but one of the finest albums ever made- -a work of simple beauty , complex intelligence , and imagination. . 
camera neg 490.txt it seems as if every time i want to use the camera , the battery is dead . i find that if i charge it and try to use it the next day , i should expect very much . i 'm going to purchase a new battery and see how that goes , but i should n't have to do so 
camera pos 821.txt the product was easy to use and accurate . it is also a great buy 
camera pos 684.txt i purchased the axion 10.4 " frame for my wife to replace a defective polaroid frame from a different source . the axion stacked up quite nicely to the other " more expensive " frame . the axion is viewable from more angles than the polaroid frame with a cheaper price tag . quality of the display is better on the axion and we have not had any technical issues . pros : brightness control color and contrast of display ease of setup and operation good sound from speakers on music playback cons : slide show transitions are from top to bottom only . different transitions would be a nice feature . remote does not control volume of music . overall the advantages of this frame outweigh the disadvantages . we have been very happy overall with this purchase 
music pos 303.txt this guy is going to become big someday . i agree with this reviewer : " the songs on " seven swans " , with a folksy bucholic feeling that runs through most of them , tell of spiritual tales . they tell of love that transcends the body and age . sufjan can appeal equally to the christian person as to the one who practices zen buddhism . and that is something few songwriters can accomplish . keep an eye on sufjan for years to come . " i have fun tooling around with " to be alone with you " on the guitar , such a simple but infectious melody . " seven swans " is not over orchestrated like " michigan " and " illinois " seem to be . good song to ok song ratio is about 85 percent on this one and about 45-50 percent on the the aforementioned cd's . " seven swans " is a great way to get introduced to the subtle musical power and overall genius of sufjan . sufjan has all his own style and is not afraid to tell us who he is . very creative...he truly forges his own musical path . cannot wait for his cd called " wisconsin . " 
camera neg 990.txt decent camera , but not great . shark mode is nice . housing looks good , but mine leaked at ~20 ft...camera was dead by the time i got it out of the water . good news is that amazon processed the defective product return rapidly and credited my account in about a week . net result was one decent picture and a disappointing christmas present . next time i will buy a housing for a better camera . canon has some nice ones 
music pos 981.txt first of all i 'm a die hard ufo fan , i own every ufo album not just the michael shenker cd's ...some of you fools reviewing the ufo albums without michael ..1 ) do the band a disservice 2 ) are smokin crack , and 3 ) are very inept in your musical judgement . while i 'm a huge shenker fan he is far from the greatest guitar god , and i hate to break the news to ya 's but for overall sound / effect and appeal paul chapmans just good as michael on many a song . that bein said making contact is one of the top five ufo albums made ! ! ! ! the top five ufo albums any fan should get are ( phenomenon , lights out , no place to run , making contact , and walk on water ) along with the two live cd 's bbc , and strangers in the night . misdemeaner has some cool 80 's guitar and is an attempt at mainstream ( and they deserve to be mainstream ) so who can blame them , and some of these songs are pretty cool...if , i might add if you have an open mind ( so that excludes most of you shenker diehards ) ........... 
camera neg 581.txt i spent a couple hours , trying to get transfer dv from my camcorder to my mac powerbook . after hours and hours i had to realize that the usb cable delivered with the sony camcorder was absolutely worthless . if you do n't own a sony vaio ( which in my opinion just a overdesigned peace of fancy 007 gear with an i.link connection , which no other pc / mac has ) your getting frustrated pretty quick . i would have given the cable a 5 star rating , but the way i had to get the cable , by having to buy it seperately , is a big rip off . however i found the exact same cable in an apple store called " thin fire wire " . the exact same cable ( 1.8 meter 4 to 6 pin to be exact ) for only $29 and it works just fine . so check out an apple store near you and save some money . shame on you sony 
camera neg 43.txt last march ( 2002 ) i bought this camera and it was wonderful , although it was " refurbished " by canon it worked perfectly . i bought also a new battery and a 48mb compactflash memory card and everything was working fine . 6 months later the camera had electrical problems and warranty had expired . now the cost to fix this problem is far bigger than to buy a new camera because warranty period for " refurbished " items is less than 6 months 
camera neg 292.txt bought the charger and an extra battery . when my camera battery started getting low i tried to charge the batteries and the device just sat there trying to charge but never charged the batteries . competely useless . have to go buy a different charger 
camera pos 950.txt this camera case is great . it 's very small and fits my coolpix 4600 perfectly . there is enough room to fit an extra memory card and some batteries ( but the batteries make it tight ) . i originally purchased the camera case listed for the 4600 , but it was a little bulky and the zipper could scratch the camera if you are n't careful . this camera case does not come with a strap like the other , but that is something i would never use . i highly recommend this case for those who want a small sleek case to protect their camera . 
music neg 990.txt there 's always the argument that if bach had had a modern piano , he would have composed for it . let 's consider another possibility : if some style-insensitive time machine had delivered a piano to bach 's doorstep , he might have tried it out and rejected it as a bad idea , since it so obviously fails to serve the paramount musical ideals that inspired the high baroque composers . for listeners who understand what bach meant by equal temperament , it 's worth noting that the standard temperament of the modern piano bears no close connection to what bach was trying to demonstrate in these " pedagogical " compositions . in other words , the point is lost . 
dvd neg 244.txt the " fake-news " tv movie had already be done , and done better , ten years ealier as " special bulletin " . where the first movie took its subject , nuclear disarmament and terrorism , seriously , this cheese-fest does n't respect the viewers ' intelligence at all . they pull every heartstring and throw every cheap trick they can think of at the camera . not of it ties together in any coherent way and the " make love not war " ending reeks of junior-high-school sophistry 
camera neg 206.txt i agree with m. arse with the 2star rating . i was disappointed with this camera from the beginning . not a user friendly one and the pictures turn out very grainy with bad color quality unless you are in an optimum light . i 'm interested in the 7 mp camera canon offers . i 've read that it has much better shutter speed . recommended ? ? 
music neg 610.txt my 8 year old daughter was very dissappointed after receiving this cd for christmas . it is advertised as the cheetah girls 2 - however these vocals are not sung by the original cheetah girls who are in the movie . the songs just do n't sound the same . it 's very dissappointing that disney does n't tell you this on the cd 
camera pos 350.txt this uv filter does it job to protect the lens well . the build is solid ( metal construction ) . the glass is also descent quality . about the performance , it absorbs some uv light . the uv light absorbtion is hardly noticeable , probably the sky 1-a and the haze filter version will absorb more uv light than this lens which is fine for me . now , about the one problem which is the internal reflection . i 've heard many people say that it mostly happens during night or low light shooting . i found out that it is not caused directly by the low light / night situation . the internal reflection will appear when there is a strong / bright source of light in comparison to the overall exposure ( the surrounding environment ) . to put it in example ( which hopefully is easier to understand ) , when you take a picture of a lamp during nightime and the light is much brighter than the surrounding area then you will see the internal reflection . as you move the position of the light to be closer to the sides / corner of the picture ( and not in the center of the picture ) , the internal reflection reduces and finally dissapear ( if you move the light far enough from the center ) . and if the light is n't too bright / contrast compare to the surrounding environment then there will be no internal reflection . but of course most of the time , a lamp at nightime is often very bright . but the point that i 'm trying to make is that the internal reflection does n't happen all the time during low light or night time . additionally , the internal reflection is n't only happening at night . it can also happen in the afternoon if you are taking a picture of a sun for example . basically same rule as above , on how bright is the light source compared to the surrounding area , and as you move the sun from the center of the photo and near the side the internal reflection will move to the side / dissapear ( also depending the angle ) . but the best way is just to remove the filter during these situations . hope this explanation helps you to reduce the occurence of internal reflection by identifying correctly when the internal reflection will occur and then remove the filter during those situation ( which is not hard to do ) . i 'm actually not a fan of lens filter ( any filter ) as i think it will only degrade picture quality as we added another layer between the sensor and object , but i decided to use them anyway for all my lens . and i would recommend everyone to get one of this filter if you do n't have any filter for your lens yet . i use this filter on my 50mm f / 1.8d lens and on my 18-55mm lens . 
camera pos 716.txt i 've had a ton of these , and i take them on camping trips with kids where the main activity is playing in big mud fields . i 've had them in my pocket while rolling around in the mud , taken it out , shot a few pics , put it back in the pocket with no problem . ( see pictures for examples of " mud photos " ) a couple of times i 've had them stand up to so much moisture and abuse that the cardboard falls off , but still had beautiful pictures every time , no jams or over-exposures . i 've found the two pack at walmart on sale for $8.99 a couple of times , and you absolutely cannot be that deal . this is my favorite disposable camera , and i 've tried them all . 
music pos 250.txt ...else if michigan was on vinyl i would have worn it out by now . illinois was my first venture into the sound-world of sufjan stevens , and no doubt it his most impressive outing to date . however the subtle spendour of the earlier michigan has ousted it as my favourite . perhaps less eclectic and entertaining than illinois , but more soulful and beautiful . ultimately it 's the one i 'd take to the proverbial desert island . there 's not a single track in this 74 minute cd that i 'd want to skip or drop from my mp3 playlist , but highlights for me are romulus ( gentle and heartbreaking ) , sleeping bear ( musically gorgeous ) , and vito 's ordination song ( like being gently hugged ) . p.s. so often the ' bonus tracks ' on a cd can seem superfluous and substandard but the 2 extras on my cd ( marching band and pickerel lake ) are both excellent . 
camera pos 279.txt i absolutely love this camera . i 've told everyone i know to buy it . the picture quality is amazing . there are so many options with this tiny little camera ! you can edit pictures before you even print them . zoom in on a picture already taken and save it that way , and so much more . i take pictures of everything ! i charged the battery when i got the camera , which was about three weeks ago , and it 's still going . i have 7 / 8th of battery life left . i have n't had to charge it again . i am so happy with my purchase ! i hope this helps you 
camera neg 518.txt here 's one more a95 to add to the ever increasing list of e18 failures . thanks to the horror stories from the other posters i 'm not even going to waste my time trying to get this repaired . the camera is only about 2 years old.. . guess i 'll put it back in the box and wait to see the outcome from the class action suits ! the camera really performed nicely when it was working.. . thus the 2 stars . hope you have better luck than me if you get one 
camera neg 451.txt this is first canon product that has disappointed me with its quality . they must acquire them from their chinese supplier for about 98 cents . this plastic device wobbles even when fully rotated to the detente position . i bought it to use with the canon 250d close-up lens and it 's barely adequate for that function . canon should refund anyone who mistakenly bought one of these hockey pucks . 
camera pos 270.txt i think it very well could be so i 'm not going to differ with those who say it is.i bought this to use with a new 5d and itt 's simply outstanding in every regard . so far , i 've kept it on the 5d and ca n't bring myself to take it off . i considered a couple of lenses , including the is 24-105 f / 4 which has a lot of appeal and the price is about the same . but this was the lens i chose in part because i already have a the 70-300mm f / 4.5-5.6 do is lens and the overlap seemed a waste while the extra stop helps . i have no regrets about it . sharp as a tack and quick . i note that this is not compact lens , especially with the hood on and it can stretch out a lot when you widen the field . it is also not light . this lens and the 5d will give your neck and back a pain , assuming you work with more than one camera . but the focal lengths covered are just about ideal and require none of the compromises that a longer zoom range require . for that , i 've got an 18-200 on a 20d . the 70-300 do , while not an l , specs out in that range and has the virtue of real compactness , but it ' not a lightweight . these two lenses cover just about everything for me . and i can keep the 10-22mm on the 20d for the extra-wide shots . since writing the initial review , i 've since traveled for several weeks with this lens and it fully lived up to expectations . given the difficulties of travel these days , i am concerned about the problem of not being able to carry it with me - - not a problem to date except for britain . but always possible . and , despite the weight , i might favor the 70-200 f / 2.8l is usm as a second travel lens - i like the brightness of the focus . one suggestion . there 's a temptation to use this lens wide open a lot of the time . it 's very good and sometimes that 's the best thing . but i 've also found this lens makes beautiful images stopped down a good deal for short night time exposures on a tripod and a remote release . the effect with lights , etc. is considerably different along with the extended depth of field . 
dvd neg 114.txt about the only thing this movie has going for it is the excellent music . the producers of this film are out of their mind if they expect any viewer who 's not screwed-up in the head to feel sorry for the two stupid main characters just because their sick , incestuous , and adulterous lifestyle is incompatible with the world they live in . if you want to leave your entertainment center in a good mood , do n't watch this 
music pos 136.txt john michael mongomery is back with a big bang . this album is one of the best to come out this year . it 's better than that of travis tritt , alan jackson , and kenny chesney . the song i wanna be there is one of the most touching songs since alan 's where were you . he mixes the soulful ballads , with his country rockers , and sweet love songs . this is vinatage jmm and should be bought by any true country music fan 
camera neg 59.txt i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good 
music pos 400.txt this is a good collection , 15 of supertramp 's best songs and the best single-disc collection of theirs you will find . the sound is great and there are no filler songs , here , they 're all great to listen to . highly recommended 
camera neg 676.txt this camera was easy to use and it was light and had decent quality picture and audio , however , i was unable to make copies for back-up or to share with family members . i took it back and bought a mini-dv camcorder as i was told it was easier to make copies . this has yet to be tested 
camera neg 424.txt as the previous reviewer pointed out , this is not the klic-5001 1700 mah battery as described in the product details , it is the lower capacity ( 1050 mah ) klic-5000. at least it is the kodak battery , if that matters to you . ( i have a new kodak camera and want to protect the warranty . ) if not , plenty of places sell the generic klic-5001 for less than amazon sells the kodak klic-5000 
music neg 791.txt informatively , i have mason 's dvd 's , which i quite enjoy . however , this cd , labelled , " brand new , " contains many repeats and situations . in fact , at times i was ahead of jackie mason , mouthing word for word the joke and situation he was leading up to me . mason spoke as if he was rushing to meet a deadline , to the extent that much of the cd sounded like gibberish . for most of this cd i sat stone faced and suspected that perhaps the applause and clapping of hands were canned . mason , in my opinion , went overboard in his use of obscenities , loudly and in his asides , seemingly contrived for shock value . as for me , i think that this mislabelled , " brand new , " cd was a flop , and i would not care to have it in my collection for fear of the impression i would leave after my demise . so , another item destined for my shredder . finally , i would recommend the mason dvd 's , which i would have preferred with a slower delivery and less obscenities that add little to his performance . robert lyons reno , nevad 
music neg 81.txt i 've listened to this piece of work several times , in many positions , on various stero systems , during different moods and i just ca n't understand the lyrics half the time and the arrangements were best described as ' a wall of mud' . it is n't a question of country music , or contemporary music , with elh she has demonstrated throughout the years she just loves , and respects , good music . the music is good , the woman has impeccable taste but this time i had wished she sat in on the mixing process . i think i understand the aim of this collection but geez , i wish i didn't . i am too accustomed to hearing elh 's clear voice slice to the heart of the lyrics , take them and present them with a totally unique perspective . i wo n't start on her own playing because this review would be nothing but gushing about her near-total mastery of her craft . she 's an amazing woman , artist and collaborator - - i love her because she is everywhere in music : supporting new artists , doing background for others , her duets are gems of generosity with respect for her fellow artists , while always doing what 's best for the song . i just hope there 's no follow up to wb . i 'm very happy with my other 8 elh cds and i 'm in awe of ' all roads running ' and my [...]is going to be front center next week in los angeles . it 's like waiting for xmas 
music pos 474.txt stiff upper lip is a good ac / dc album , it 's not a great ac / dc album . it kills me when people say that ac / dc have sounded the same since 1973 on every album they have done . nothing could be further from the truth . i have always thought that each ac / dc album has a sound and a feel and a story in it 's own and that a track off each album would be totally out of place on another album . for instance , can you image shake a leg on stiff upper lip ? or ballbreaker on back in black ? it does n't work . stiff upper lip has its own kind of rough , bluesy feel to it . brian 's voice sounds different , the tones and the guitars sound different . it 's good but not great . the standouts.. . 1. stiff upper lip - pretty rocking song . has a good attitude . it 's fun . 2. hold me back and ca n't stand still . very odd rolling songs . they sound a lot alike . again , these songs could never have been on back in black . i have heard that brian sang ca n't stand still in one take , that 's why they all clap at the end . i do n't know if that 's true , but it 's an interesting song . 3. satellite blues - this one is an instant classic . i love this song . this song could have been done back in the days of back in black and if it were on that album i think it would be as popular as you shook me all night long . everything else is ho hum . not good , not bad . better than most bands out there . i am really hoping ac / dc put out a killer album with their new release , whenever that is . i hope they do n't turn into the new g&r and suffer from the chinese democracy syndrome 
camera neg 383.txt in my experience , this camera takes great pictures , but the zoom lens is so delicate that it breaks easily . it stops extending and just makes a clicking noise . this happened to me when the camera accidentally turned on while in my pants pocket rendering the camera unusable . my brother and two of my friends experienced a similar problem with their ex-s500 after they accidentally dropped the camera while the lens was extended . i would recommend looking into another camera that is not so delicate 
camera pos 116.txt it was everything it advertised as being . i can carry my digital camera and lenses as well as two point and shoot digital cameras . being a slingshot backpack , my back does n't moan and groan as it did with other camera bags . i like the feature of swinging the bag to the front and to get my cameras with out removing the backpack 
dvd pos 509.txt this exhilarating musical comedy , featuring ( respectively ) the fancy footwork and infectious crooning of gis kelly and sinatra , perfectly captures the optimistic spirit that held sway in the post-world war ii boom . co-starring dancers vera-ellen and ann miller , " on the town " was one of the first color films shot on location in manhattan , and remains one of the grandest , liveliest hollywood musicals ever made . 
music pos 300.txt this cd offers a great deal of incredible music by john lennon during 1969 and the early 1970 's when he fought our government in order for him and yoko to live in the united states . the quality of the music is excellent and after you listen to this cd you want to run to watch the film ! the cd starts off strong with " power to the people . " the song makes its political statement and offers a great beat that sticks in your mind . it is also very upbeat and aggressive in its tone which attracts the listener immediately to make them want more . the listener wo n't be disappointed . the tracks that follow provide great insight into john 's politics at the same time that he provides us with his singularly beautiful music . great songs on this cd include the autobiographical " nobody told me " in which john admits that his struggle with our government both to end the vietnam war and to remain in the usa is harder than he thought it would be . " working class hero " has a folksy , bluesy feel to it but then the cd goes right back to that unique john lennon rock and roll flavor with the song " i found out . " " bed peace " follows as a type of introduction to the only beatles song on this cd , " the ballad of john & yoko . " despite the catchy rock and roll beat to " the ballad of john & yoko , " the lyrics tell the sad story of how people harass john and yoko . another great song is " give peace a chance ; " the message here is obvious . " love , " " imagine , " and " oh my love " are beautiful ballads with excellent musical arrangements ; and we get a new instrumental version of " how do you sleep " that is very well done . in addition , i like the two live tracks from the john sinclair freedom rally in 1971. " attica state " is a brand new release and " john sinclair " packs a strong punch ! these tracks demonstrate so well john 's ability to connect with his audience in a live setting . one special song on this cd directly challenges each and every listener to personal reflection and insight : " happy xmas ( war is over ) . " john and yoko tell people to know the difference between the blessings of peace and the evils of war , to cherish what is morally right and to fight against anything that is morally wrong . the song also expresses hope for a peaceful future beyond the current christmas season . " happy xmas ( war is over ) " continues to play on radio stations every christmas season to this day . yes , another amazon reviewer correctly notes that yoko talks a little bit over the very beginning of the song " oh my love . " thank goodness that she does n't talk over the lyrics ! a few brief dialogue excerpts from the film are peppered throughout the cd but they never overlap with the songs . the cd ends with the same strength that it started with : " instant karma ! ( we all shine on ) " is an excellent song that most lennon fans will always love . the liner notes include some great black and white pictures of john and yoko , including two from the infamous " bed-in . " you get the song credits along with the year that each song was released and there is a brief essay by yoko ono herself . overall , this cd is more than just a retrospective of john 's music during a turbulent period in his life . oh sure , almost all of this music has been previously released . however , that 's not relevant here . the cd celebrates lennon 's ability to communicate his political beliefs through his songs . these songs remind us to avoid genocide , to be true to oneself and to strive for peace- -now . i highly recommend this cd for lennon fans , fans of great 1970s rock music and anyone who wants to experience how john lennon taught us what was right through his music . 
camera pos 45.txt this uv filter produces high quality pictures at a fraction of the cost of many ather brands 
camera neg 441.txt the case fits like a tight glove . i do n't like that . the camera was hard to get in and out and did n't have any pockets for straps or batteries 
camera pos 885.txt we bought this camera because our other digital camera ( sony dsc-h1 ) was too large to carry around a lot of the time . we took it skiing with us ( whistler , bc ) and it took some outstanding pictures , both of persons and of landscape / scenery . it is small enough that you can pretty much carry it anywhere , anytime . others may disagree , but the touchscreen menu controls are easy to use and fairly intuitive . fingerprints do get on the screen but you hardly notice them and they are easily removed ( or better yet , use the little wand they give you with the camera instead of your fingers , that does n't leave any marks on the screen ) . to summarize : this is an excellent camera , very small size but with a large 3 " led display , takes excellent pictures , and the touchscreen menu is easy to use and intuitive . most people will be very happy with this camera if they buy it . the only negative thing is that this camera does not have a view finder , but unless you have very bright sun at your back this is n't too much of a problem . 
camera neg 731.txt this camcorder has an excellent form factor and conveniently transfers clips to pc via usb . however , the camera picks up the sound of its own zoom and auto-focus , which makes the video unacceptable in my opinion . the clicking and whirring is louder than the level of normal conversation . we returned the first unit that we got thinking that it may have been a production defect , but the second unit had the same problem . apparently , according to the manual , this is " not a malfunction " 
music neg 425.txt this is the cheesiest music ever . phil collins , glenn frey , chaka khan ? are you kidding me ? these were the worst artists of the 80's . where 's u2 , rem , the pixies , x , the pretenders , tom petty , prince , springsteen , the replacements , husker du ? does anyone like rock and roll ? phil collins writes songs for disney and pixar now ! what did glenn frey know about ' smugglers blues ' ? do you think he was writing from the experience or from the heart ? these are the worst artists , songwriters and performers of the 80's . enjoy the nostalgia , but the art which is song is seriously missing on this cd . 
camera neg 539.txt what a pile of junk . three full seconds pass between pushing the shutter button and when the camera actually takes the picture . if you move at all during that three seconds , the picture is a blurred mess . even if you do n't move , the pictures turn out blurry and dark . and if you use the flash , you get a lovely white picture of nothing . i ca n't believe they sell this thing . 
camera pos 755.txt this 10-20mm lens is equivalent to a 15-30mm in a 35mm film camera , so it 's an ultra-wide lens at 10mm . i was pleasantly surprised at how sharp the images are from this lens ; and it 's rectilinear , which means that straight lines in real life remain straight in the photograph . it is a well-made lens , made with high-grade materials . what this lens excels at is when you want to photograph sweeping landscapes , close-quarters interior photography , and in architectural photography where you do n't mind the exaggerated converging lines that an ultrawide produces . personally , that 's what i like , so i 'm very happy with this sigma 10-20mm 
camera neg 251.txt with this pup it is simple to record video or images and almost impossible to download them successfully ! in standard mode , the playback of video is anything but smooth . looks like an old time movie . the software could best be described as , " user hostile " . i have n't been able to download any videos without getting an error message before the transfer is complete . the normal video is n't as good as my dv camcorders and downright sad indoors . the photo portion is slightly better than my cell phone ( a pocket pc ) . still pictures have n't downloaded successfully either ( approximately 11 out of 185 have made it across the wire before error messages start interrupting the transfer ) . it 's a handy size and easy to operate . after you 're done recording you 'll likely spend a lot of time with the manual ( i have ) and then you start getting frustrated . if i could return it , i would 
music neg 388.txt generally on amazon.com , the average rating of an album does not accurately indicate its quality - that is , the albums are usually highly overrated . this is probably due to the voluntary nature of the reviews and the fact that the fans of an artist are far more likely to review their albums and give them high scores than a casual music listener giving them the score they deserve . as a result of this , generally , albums that have an average score of 4.5 - 5 stars are usually excellent albums . ones with a score of 4 are generally good and 3.5 indicates a pretty average album . average scores any lower than 3.5 stars generally indicate a pretty poor album . as i mentioned before , due to the high proportion of fans reviewing albums , the average score rarely falls below 3 stars . it takes a pretty horrendous album , like limp bizkit 's results may vary , to get a score of even 2.5. in fact , i did n't even think that it was possible for an album to get less than 2.5 - that is , until i saw this pile of feces . now to put this average score of 2 into context - this means that the proportion of " hataz " reviewing this album is even more than the proportion of fans reviewing it . out of all the terrible albums i have viewed , i have never seen this happen before . not even to bands as terrible as limp bizkit or even an*l c*nt . this obviously indicates a decline in fan numbers and , hopefully , the end of chingy 's 15 minutes of fame 
music pos 776.txt beres has done it again . this is a great cd . i can actually say that enjoyed all 19 tracks 
music pos 689.txt when i bought this cd it was for a little bit of nostalgia - those were the days . since playing it once when it blew me away with the tracks and the memories , i have played it so often that if it were vinyl it would be worn out by now . if you liked mary hopkins then this is a fantastic selection of her music and well worth a place in your collection 
music neg 763.txt while i love billie , in her own words , these sessions were dull , and uninspired . since the reviews should focus on one cd , that is the jist of it ; boring renditions , and back up musicians that are not the ones that billie was used to making for a very uneven collection 
music neg 546.txt the quality of the samples is better than the quality of the recordings . 
music pos 752.txt i am a latecomer to the works of chopin , unqualified to comment on dinu lipatti 's technique and interpretation , but this recording gives an interesting framework to explore the waltzes . they are numbered 1 through 14 in order of opus publication , but on this disc lipatti shuffles them to form a cycle of his own devising . there are four waltzes in the key of a flat and it seems one challenge was to space them across the recital . contrast this to alexandre thaurad 's cd where he clumps like-key waltzes into groups . ( he also adds five more posthumous works . ) most of chopin 's waltzes start on the dominant , meaning either the fifth note of the home key ( the tonic , the i ) , or a dominant seventh chord ( v7 ) which leads to the tonic . lipatti uses this feature to string together his cycle . if , for instance , there were a waltz that ended on a c natural it could easily bring us to waltz no 4 , which starts on an insistent c7 chord before rising to the home key of f major . i will use this as the starting point for tracing the harmonic relationships of the tracks on this cd . track 1 : waltz no 4 in f , " grande valse brillante " - as noted starts on the v7 and finishes on f in octaves . track 2 : no 5 in a flat - begins on a trilling dominant eb , but the note it trills up to is an f ( which ended the previous track ) . finishes with a parting shot , a turn in the bass ending on ab. track 3 : no 6 in d flat , " minute waltz " - starts on ab ; the contour of the opening phrase echoes the gesture of the previous parting shot as well . ends in db. track 4 : no 9 in a flat - has two pick up notes then hits a db on the downbeat of the first measure . the right hand ends on the ab above middle c . track 5 : no 7 in c sharp minor - starts on a g sharp above middle c , which is the same black key ( enharmonic equivalent ) of the previous ab. ends in c# minor . track 6 : no 11 in g flat - starts with a pick-up turn then hits the downbeat with a db ( enharmonic c# ) . ends on a gb in the treble clef . track 7 : no 10 in b minor - starts quietly on the same note , an f# ( enharmonic gb ) . ends with a soft b in the bass clef . track 8 : no 14 in e minor - first note is the exact same b in the bass . ends in e minor . track 9 : no 3 in a minor - starts on an e in the bass melody . ends in a minor ; keep in mind that minor third of this key is a c natural - - you can hear it in the melody of the third to last measure . track 10 : no 8 in a flat - this is a side-stepping change of keys , but there is an harmonic link to the previous waltz . instead of starting on the dominant , this one begins on the major third - - c natural . track 11 : no 12 in f minor - starts on the dominant - - c again . toggle back and forth between tracks 10 and 11 and you will hear that these two waltzes start on the exact same pitch . instead of ending in f minor this waltz closes in the relative major of ab. the last three notes are a rise and fall , bb-c-ab . track 12 : no 13 in d flat - there is a leading note before the dominant . the first three notes ( bb-ab-f ) fall and rise in a mirroring gesture to the final phrase of the previous . ends quietly in db. track 13 : no 1 in e flat , " valse brillante " - another side-stepping key change but there is a connection . if you toggle between tracks 12 and 13 you will hear the same initial note , a bb - - quietly in the former , boldly here . finishes resoundingly in the tonic eb. track 14 : no 2 in a flat , " grande valse brillante " - introduction in the dominant chord , eb7. closes in ab. from here you could loop around to the beginning of the cycle again , linking the major third ( c natural ) to the v7 that starts the f major waltz 
camera pos 524.txt go to nikon 's own website nikonusa.com and compare the technical specifications of this version and the ' g ' version of this lens . there are only three differences . one is that the ' g ' version has its aperture set only by the camera body , while the ' d ' version can have its aperture set either by the body or by a ring on the lens . all recent nikon bodies set the aperture . the ring on the lens is invariably locked on all recent camera bodies . the second difference is that one ( 1 ) of the 13 lens elements in the d version of the lens is made of extra low dispersion ( ed ) glass . if the dispersion difference is so important what is the deal with the other 12 elements ? sounds like marketing to me . the third difference is that the ' d ' version costs three times as much as the ' g ' version 
music pos 826.txt quem no gosta de samba , bom sujeito no  ,  ruim da cabea ou doente do p...essa letra desse samba serve para definir melhor o cd da marisa monte . quem no gostar dele ,  doente da cabea , do ouvido , do corpo , etc.  um trabalho dedicado , na medida certa para esta cantora , verdadeira diva da mpb . recomendo a todos . 
camera pos 856.txt i bought two , one for me , one for my daughter . it is compact , user-friendly , it has nice sized screen . it comes with a charger ( i 've been told that some do n't ) . 6.2 mgp . video with audio . all this for a very nice price 
camera neg 778.txt it was suggested by amazon.com that i buy this product since i was purchasing a canon powershot s2is digital camera . not knowing any better , i bought it . it does n't even work with this model camera . i bought a memory card reader instead at a local store & bypassed the need for an adapter altogether 
music pos 253.txt this was one of my first albums i got . i got it because of ' paradise city ' but got adapted quickly to ' welcome to the jungle ' and rest . there were only few more metal / rock albums that made such impact on my taste during teens : maiden 's ' powerslave ' , megadeth ' rust in peace ' and suicidal tendencies ' lights...camera...revolution ' 
camera neg 212.txt sd110 not a good digital camera . better yet find something else . i 've had this camera almost a year but i just seldom use it because the result of the pictures are very disappointing . it is just fine downloading them on the internet but when you have it printed on the paper , the pictures get blurred . now , im looking for another digicam that wo n't disappoint me 
music neg 726.txt with the exception of " my heart will go on " by celine dion , horner 's soundtrack is not a masterpiece but a bunch of stinking skunks who are masked by a field of sweet smelling flowers . for a soundtrack score it is not riveting and really lacks any emotional connection to the film . overall it is just really overrated and the hit single got played so much that the masses just fell into a typical zombie trance and went marching to the store to buy it . this was after they kept returning to the theater to see a fictional tale of love built around a tragic , awful event . it did n't stop them though ; they could not get enough of seeing all those depictions of people freezing to death in the water . overall a below average soundtrack that road the coat tails of a hit single that was shoved down our throats for an entire year 
camera neg 941.txt my husband bought me this camera for my birthday in may 2006. i loved this camera . well , it stopped working on christmas eve . i used it that morning with no problems , put it on the charger to recharge for later that evening . when i removed the camera that evening , the screen remained black . it would not take any pictures . after talking with the customer service folks , i sent my camera in for repair . it was under warranty , and i had not done anything to break the camera . well , they voided my warranty stating that it was " impact damage " and my repair bill was $111.00. you have got to be kidding . i called to question the voided warranty since i had not dropped the camera . the technician i spoke to explained that " impact damage " could happen if the camera bumped up to something in your purse . so i asked to speak to a manager . i am sorry , but if i am going to spend this much money on a camera , i expect a little better quality . i have called and email the kodak company several times to have someone talk to me . nobody has bothered to return either my calls or emails . i would seriously think twice before spending money on a camera that can break by no fault of your own only to have the warranty voided and billed an amount comparable to a brand new camera . i have discovered that the quality of a product is only as good as the company that will stand behind it . 
music pos 404.txt as a collector of musical scores , i thoroughly enjoyed this selection . it is rated as one of my favorites . but i must warn that if you do not like instramental style music , then this is n't for you . but if you are then this is a must 
camera pos 483.txt got this camera because a friend had a similar one . the blue tooth feature is just great . you need a memory card to make if you want to take video 's and store a lot of photos . the video 's are not bad and pretty remarkable for a camera this size . all in all a great buy 
camera neg 963.txt use less than 3 times , the touch screen does n't work.do n't know why~ 
camera neg 140.txt i am not impressed with tiffen filters i got in this set . the finish of the rings are poor . despite of previously poor reputaion , i recently purchased some 67mm quantaray filter from the local ritz camera store which are of much better quality compared to this set of tiffen filters . i never got tiffens before , had good experience with hoyas . i will probably stay with those from now on . now come to think of it , ritz camera indicated the quantaray they had were made by hoya . the glass on all the filters are quite a bit more reflective compared to the hoyas and the quantarays . not a good sign . the circular polarizer had some smudges and some lense swirl that after 10 sheets of lense tissue and quite a bit of cleaning solution failed to be fully cleared off . quite frustrating . all of the filters came with lint and a few little smudges on them , not sure if the store handling or the manufacturer handling was to blame , but none of the other filters i got before had this kind of problem right out of the box . the set might be cheap , but it sure is for a good reason 
camera pos 970.txt i bought this for my wife so she could pull out the camera , turn it on , and take a nice photo . flash works well , unlike some reviews i 've read . battery life appears to be fine also . this is a small , light camera , measuring 3 1 / 2 " wide , 2 1 / 4 " tall , and 3 / 4 " deep when turned off . not exactly a credit card , but likely as close to one as you 're gonna get . camera opens up instantly , takes a nice photo whether with or without flash , battery life appears ok , and controls are easy to use- -either in figuring them out or using your fingers on them . nice big screen 2 1 / 4 by 1 1 / 2 , so you can easily see what 's going on- -a nice plus . this camera also has a nice " reminder " listing on the right of the display , so you can see flash setting ( on , off , etc. ) , iso setting for those of you that use that , and very nice way to access the other controls shown for the auto focus , self-timer , antishake , iso sensitivity , white background ( am i losing you yet ? ) , and so on . one point to remember is that this listing is arranged from most-likely-to-use to least-likely , so the user interface has been a strong consideration in the design of this camera . i 've gotten some nice pictures with this , with and without flash . a nice pick . why not 5 stars ? cuz i 've also bought a more expensive digital camera that gives me more choices , although for the price this camera is fine and it 'd be one i 'd buy again , but it is n't the equal of dig cams with 6x optical zooms , separate iso settings , and all those other techie things that , frankly , are n't that important to a lot of users but which do need to be considered in a rating . do buy a carrying case , as i have done , so the camera does n't get scratched or lost cuz it'z so small . i do n't have any " special fear " about this but it 's also easy to buy a small carrying case to stash this into , so why not do it ? as in all my reviews , i have no financial interest one way or the other in what i review . also , do n't forget you are likely to want a bigger memory card to store pix , and maybe a second battery to swap out when needed . consider these additional costs , but also consider these additional costs apply to any camera you buy . 
camera neg 601.txt great camera for the price . but i guess you get what you pay for , bad warranty.......... . 
music neg 872.txt i should have reviewed this along with fm . both were double record hit soundtracks . both represented youth . both are excellent time capsules of what radio was playing . one was a bad movie with a great soundtrack and the other was a classic movie with a terrible soundtrack . this is the terrible soundtrack . when the best songs are by billy squier and sammy hagar you know you 're in trouble . jackson browne , joe walsh , don henley are each awful . so were the go-go's . not surprisingly don felder and jimmy buffet both sucked . i almost fell asleep in route 128 traffic when graham nash played . the band that called themselves poco ca n't be the same poco i grew up with . there were some listenable tracks by timothy b . schmit , louise goffin and stevie nicks but then there 's quarterflash . however , amongst all this crap was a gem...the very last song is goodbye goodbye by oingo boingo . this song rocks and danny elfman sounds crazed . unavailable anywhere else which saves this from the trash 
camera pos 715.txt i canceled this order because shipment was n't going to arrive in time for christmas 
music pos 9.txt relationships and drug use are major themes . this album starts off with two absolute killer tunes , lets down some but has a joy thoughout . i ca n't believe this is going to be his only album.....what a shame . from someone who has been listening to rock for a long time , i tell ya , this is a blast . pure fun . something you might want to give to someone you have broken up with as its full of a broken heart and the joy of being in love.....mostly rather quickly paced . one of my favorite albums of the 90s . more people should listen 
music pos 315.txt wow what a great cd . i 'm a big music fan of alot of different types of music and i have to say that this is one of the best cds that came out in 2004. you ca n't go wrong with this one . a 
camera neg 133.txt i was deeply dissapointed in this lens hood . given that the cost is about 10% of the cost of the lens for which it was intended ( the 70-300 is in this case ) i expected it to be of stiff durable polycarbonate . -positives - fulfills the basic function of a lens hood - prevents flare , etc. the bayonet locking system is excellent , much easier to deal with than scew-on type lens hoods . that 's about it . -negatives - the polycarbonate is so thin i half expect it to be translucent . the hood must be gripped by the base to remove it , as grippng the thin end of the hood may break it ; or at least it feels like it may break it . its very long . especially on the 70-300 which is already a long lens , this makes a fully extended zoom about a foot long . that 's pretty conspicuous . it 's very overpriced vs. generic lenses ( $50 vs. $5-10 for rubber or metal ) . i traded it in and went with a kalt rubber lens hood . 2 stars for the great bayonet design , but the rest of it is weak 
music pos 707.txt i was introduced to nitin through my cousin who lives in england . she saw him live in london and raved about it...so off i went in search of this artist . he was difficult to find ; nonetheless i was determined . i am one of those people who love music from almost all genres , cultures and corners of the globe . in other words , i am not a radio-pop saccharine sweet loving music listener . i look for music that proposes thought ( although i do believe even top 40 has its place ) if you are looking for an album / artist that resonates emotion , along with a powerful subtlety check nitin sawhney out . you wo n't be disappointed . 
music pos 424.txt i first heard this album in the late 6o 's when it was originally released . starting with the first track , & quot ; blood of the sun&quot ; , i was hooked . leslie west was and has been a vastly unnoticed guitarist treasure . his throaty singing and driving band , featuring felix pappalardi , made this band one that should be placed on the list of & quot ; great ones&quot ; . probably due to the many other better publicized bands , like led zeppelin and the like , leslie west and mountain seemed to get shoved away into the closet . open the closet , you guitarists out there , and give this cd a try . i do n't think you will be anything but delighte 
music neg 443.txt this was o.k. nothing more nothing less . this album was hard to review , beacuse no songs really stick out . i mean the guy is a mediocre artist with mediocre rhymes , laced over just above mediocre beats . i have heard better sesame street singalongs for yappy kids in the back seat of a mini van . i mean what does the album have that sticks out ? " saturday to saturday " ? " bloody horseshoe " ? or the multi - faceted " boo , we ai n't forgot about you " none of the above , or none on the album . sorry . and please , all angry people who think that this is a bad review , remember , it 's a review . i can say what i want 
camera pos 406.txt we canoe / kayak down various rivers and creeks . i wanted a way to take my $1500 camera on the water without fear of damaging it . the sports pack is completely water proof ( up to 7m ) . i 've submersed the case in a test and in a real-life situation and the camera stayed dry . the case does not cause any noticeable reduction in picture quality . it is relatively simple to operate and assemble . you have only the basic functions of the camera while in the case , so you need to change any setting for the camera before putting it in the case and advanced camera features are not able to be used . my only concern is the scratch resistance of the plastic over the lens area . so far i have n't had any problems but i 've only taken on the river for about 30 hrs . all told , i 'm very pleased and if you plan on filming in or near water i would recommend this case 
music pos 75.txt 1978 the stage is set for an album to emerge out of the crumbling decay that is the city of cleveland . just like their other fellow ohion 's devo , the guys in pere ubu obviously saw the world in a slightly different way.i have owned this recording in various formats since 1980 and i have never grown tired of this album . i find this album to have an almost timless quality in that even though it was recorded over 25 years ago , if the original band itself tried to go back into the studio and re-record it , it just would'nt happen . there is just a certain magic that they captured in 1978 , as to the music itself i tend to break - up this album into 2 distinct parts . side one being the more accessible " drunken " side with more garage style sounds almost punk rock in its leanings guitar wise , but a little too intelligent , just listen to the lyrics.side 2 is definately the " drug " side like a bad acid trip vocalist david thomas takes you on a journey thru the seedy back streets of cleveland ( i have never heard smashing bottles sound so creepy or atmospheric ) and the rest of the band help to re-inforce this craziness by going off in a million different directions.i could give you a track by track anylisis of this record but suffice to say that music is somethig you should anylize , experience and consume at your own leisure , and then form your own opion of what each of the songs on this album mean to you . so if you loved things like throbbing gristle 's song hamburger lady then u will surely love pere ubu 's album the mordern dance.as another reviewer mentioned before black francis of the pixies fame must have almost certainly listened to these guys.i also hear there influences in recent bands such as portishead and queens of the stone age just to name a few.so if you enjoy bold experimental music that is still as fresh sounding as it was in 1978 then give your ears a chance to have a listen to this album , even if you have to beg , steal or borrow it . 
camera pos 159.txt yep , it extends the eyepiece out a little bit ... which helps those of us with noses not smudge the lcd display ... but it also distorts the view in an annoying way . i use mine on occasion ... but not all the time 
camera neg 506.txt i have owned several digital cameras , and this is my current digital camera in hands . i would write a short review as a critical person with concentration only on important things to watch for . pros - uses only 2 aa batteries . - battery life is very good . - small camera size . easily fits into a pocket . - can set ' + ' flash level , which forces camera to make a stronger flash . i use it almost every time . cons - resolution . the images are not sharp in terms of that you ca n't distinguish individual pixels when looking at the real size picture . i would say , there is no much difference in quality between 4 mp and 50% ( 1 mp ) scaled down version . the same problem exists in sony dsc w1 camera . - i had many problems with " on " button . sometimes camera refuses to turn on . it can be fixed by shaking camera and trying again . ( it could be a defect in my camera only ) . - some camera parts are painted plastic , which can be scratched . - camera can lose all settings and preferences if left with discharged batteries ( ~several hours ) or without them at all ( 10 minutes ) . - video quality 640x480 is pretty good in high quality mode , but eats flash space very quickly . windows 2000 did n't have the right codec to view the file . i had to install it by myself . - camera is performing slightly below the average in low lighting condition with auto settings 
camera pos 363.txt my first digicam , bought it 2 years ago . simple to use , great pictures , and a year ago ( and hundreds of pictures ago ) i dropped it ( no in its case ) on a cobblestone road - no damage . have never seen the need to replace it . i like the common batteries it uses and the sd memory 
music neg 832.txt bobby bare is a great singer , one of the most underrated country singers ever . however , most of the songs on this cd pale in comparison to his earlier work like & quot ; detroit city&quot ; and & quot ; millers cave&quot ; 
camera pos 237.txt i have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time . i have tried backpacks , shoulder bags , duffel bags , but none of them really worked all that well . then i saw the lowepro street and field system with completely customizable pouches , vests , belts , and accessories . it works great , you only get the pouches you need so there is no waisted space and you can organize them however you want according to how often they are used ( put frequently used items in easier to access places . ) the variety alone of this system is worth the investment , but the quality and ease of use is also very high which is a big plus . you can get a case for any lens , camera body , or accessory you have . i even have cases for my cell phone and water bottle . one word of caution , be sure to measure your lens with the lens hood on backwards if you use them to make sure that the entire thing will fit into the pouch , because sometimes the lens will fit , but then the lens with the lens hood will not . i often carry 5-6 lenses , extension tubes , teleconverters , extra memory cards and batteries , and a bunch of cleaning supplies and other gadgets , which weights a ton . but when they are evenly distributed on this vest / belt lowepro system it is actually very manageable . the only down side is that everyone will be staring at you because you have thousands of dollars of camera equipment strapped to your body . but if you can overlook that , this is the way to go . i have used this system at many zoos without ever having problems , in fact just unzipping a single lens and switching seems safer to me than opening an entire bag of equipment every time you want to switch lenses . many of the cases also come with a built in rain / snow cover so if the weather changes all of your equipment is not destroyed . you can also put just a few pouches on a normal belt when you are just going to take photos in the back yard or do n't need to take all of your equipment , which is nice . i really ca n't say enough about how much easier this makes traveling with a lot of equipment , if you have been hopelessly searching for a better solution , consider this , you wo n't regret it . 
music pos 194.txt well it 's not quite as good as rising which is the best album ever but it 's still amazing . 1.man on the silver mountain - 10 / 10 this track is a classic and is still played at every dio concert and ritchie blackmore still performed it at every rainbow concert until rainbow disbanded in 1997 but anyway this may be ritchie blackmore 's strongest riff ever ! and dio 's vocal performance is excellent . anyway it 's a great fantasy song by dio and blackmore and still got radio play so it appeals to everyone . 2.self portrait - 10 / 10 excellent dark song by the band which fits dio 's voice perfectly another classic ! 3.black sheep of the family - 8 / 10 good song but not a rainbow song it 's a cover and that 's a shame because i would have loved to hear dio 's brilliant lyrics another original song but anyway still a good listen 4.catch the rainbow - 10 / 10 another classic from this album as dio shows how well he can sing ballads as well as epics and rockers . blackmore has a solo full of feeling and this was performed at every rainbow concert until dio left the band . 5.snake charmer - 10 / 10 another song that takes place in the middle ages which is rainbow 's trademark . anyway this song is very underrated and should have been a classic . dio has brilliant lyrics and vocals as usual and it 's no suprise that blackmore supplied excellent solos and riffs for this one 6.temple of the king - 10 / 10 here is the best ballad of all time ! ! ! ronnie 's vocals are perfect for this song and his lyrics are amazing too . blackmore throws togethor and a great arrangemant and solo aswell to make this maybe the best track on the album . 7.if you do n't like rock n roll - 8 / 10 kind of cheesy lyrics but a good track and it sounds more like an elf track . 8.sixteenth century greensleeves - 10 / 10 great song ! a real classic as dio puts togethor another great fantasy song . blackmore 's riffs is brilliant and his solo is full of bends and shredding . 9.still i 'm sad - 10 / 10 well the version with vocals is much than this instrumental version but this version is brilliant too . the live version off on stage however with dio 's vocals blow it away . i still wonder why there were n't any vocals on this . the band is ronnie james dio - vocals ritchie blackmore - guitar gary driscoll - drums mickey lee soule - keyboards , piano , mellatron craig guber - bass 2 
music pos 727.txt hell rell did his job , i was n't expecting anything as good as this . hell rell outdid himself . 
camera neg 614.txt i loved this camera when i received it and used it a couple of times . then , it just stopped working . i have since purchased the same camera elsewhere and it is works great . maybe this was just a bad egg . good camera , but 2 months of use for the money was n't good 
camera pos 380.txt have had good luck with these batteries . they last for a long time . first time with amazon and it was a good experience . will use them again 
camera pos 117.txt i have had this bag for a year and recommend it . i use it all the time . it 's a great walkaround bag . the first time you 're in a place where you want to get to your camera quickly or do n't want to put your bag down you 'll appreciate the sling design . just be aware for a long mountain hike you may feel the weight on your shoulder after some time . my only error was getting the 100 - i should have gone with the 200 , and plan to do so . i like to keep my lens hood in place which requires a little more room . i 'd also found that i need a little more room for non-camera things . a word on the all-weather cover - a great feature . a few weeks ago i was in bermuda and walked to a beach about 25 minutes away . just as i arrived a soaking rain began that did n't let up for the entire walk back . if i had n't been able to pull on the cover my equipment would have been soaked . now i would n't buy a bag without one 
camera pos 679.txt the battery is perfect and once in the camera , is indistinguishable from the original . 
camera neg 702.txt i bought this product from a nearby retailer . the packaging is deceptive . the photoframe must be plugged into an external power source or you must buy a uniquely designed battery from the manufacturer . the battery is $35.00 with shipping , and it is poorly designed so that when installed the battery case rubs the connector wiring . this frame has no on-board memory , so to use it you must have one of the two types of memory it accepts . this is an additional expense . after purchasing the photoframe i discovered the plastic frame was chipped and the device did not perform as the instructions said it should . i took it back to the store and opened eight boxes before i found one which had an unbroken frame . i took that photoframe home and discovered the device would not work as the instructions described . i then went to another of the retailers ' locations to exchange the device ( the original location had shipped their entire inventory back to the manufacturer ) . with the retailer 's very helpful clerks i tested three more photoco photoframe devices , none of them worked as described ( they would not scroll through and album of photos ) . i returned the item to the retailer and received a full refund for the device , then by email i requested a refund for the price of the battery . photoco replied that if i sent them the battery they would refund its price . i mailed the battery on may 6 , and then inquired about my refund on may 14. photoco replied that the only employee who could process the refund was out sick . on 3 / 17 i sent an email demanding immediate processing of my refund . photoco said that my credit had been processed but that i might not see the credit for 7 to 10 days . i still have not received my credit for the battery . if you want to avoid a headach , avoid doing business with this company . read the other reviews before considering this product 
music neg 359.txt this collection is a must have if you like the bee gees and do n't have any of their albums...or even if you do . it 's one hit after another plus some i 've never heard , which is nice for variety . i could n't ask for a better collection - it 's like i had burned this for myself . 
camera pos 599.txt this is why sony is hot ! this sexy little ( yes its really small the size of a pack of cards ) it takes perfect clear and crisp pictures and the battery life is a long 320mins perfect for a vacation , make sure to get a memory stick with it though , because w / o it it only holds about 15 pics . this is my first digital camera and i would definitely buy sony again 
camera pos 573.txt my fuji e900 fits perfectly and also the battery charger and extra batteries . the front pocket for additional memory cards is a great idea . case goes on belt or on neck strap to accomodate personal taste . very nice and reasonably priced 
camera neg 115.txt this camera worked very well until the lens got jammed in its extended position . i sent the camera for warranty service ( i had it less than 7 months ) , and they refused to honor the warranty because it was a bit scuffed and a little decorative ring on the end of the lens that had been attached with 2-sided tape had come off . they claimed this happened due to physical damage , but this occurred during normal use : i was just changing modes and the lens did n't retract . do n't bother trying to get warranty service unless the unit looks brand new . even then , do n't be surprised if they renege on the warranty . i had another a410 that did the very same thing ( lens got jammed ) , but was stolen in a break-in before i sent it out for service ( so i suppose it was no loss after all ) . obviously there is a design flaw that causes the lens to extend too far and come off track inside . in short , this camera is not suitable for frequent use in the field . if you buy it , and plan to use it a lot , expect to be buying another camera or paying for a repair that should be covered under warranty ( which i 'm not doing ) soon . 
music neg 794.txt i definitely understand why this band is classified as emo . this cd helped me solidify the impression i had that i do n't care for emo . the album is not bad and the band is tight enough for a young band , but the issue i have with emo and with this album in particular , is it 's not really anything . it 's not hardcore , it 's not really melodic....it 's sort of stuck in the middle of both but not quite reaching either one . maybe i 'm not the target audience for emo or this band....i get that , that 's ok . i ca n't stop thinking thursday seem like they 're trying desperately to sound like fugazi and never really getting there . and that 's the rub of it i guess....with bands like thursday and she wants revenge...they appear to be reaching for the roots of alternative / hardcore or newwave music but for someone who knows what the real thing sounds like , they 're a poor imitation . the sound is immature and lacks the urgency and edge that the original bands had at the time . i have a friend with a 14 year old son who asked me to burn him a copy of this cd . i think i 'll just be giving it to him and calling it done 
camera pos 173.txt fits my canon sd550 perfectly and no complains abt that . the quality of the product is pretty good . when used with the belt clip , its easy to open and easy to put the camera back . camera seems very secured when used with the belt clip . 
music pos 209.txt this might be the best cd that has come out this year . it may be will oldham 's best cd since " viva last blues . " it may be better than " viva last blues " although these are two different styled cds . " the letting go " has a mostly very mellow sound . almost every song is beautiful . the string and guitar melodies are uplifting . will oldham 's voice is grounding , it is the familiar voice you have heard for the past decade or so . dawn mccarthy 's voice will then again lift you up . mccarthy 's voice is a fantastic companion to oldham's . other singers / bands have tried to use a female voice to echo or accompany the lead vocal and it has often become irritating . this is not the case with " the letting go , " mccarthy 's accompaniment adds so much to the album but without taking away from oldham . i have n't listened to a will oldham album since " ease down the road . " this makes me want to go back and listen to those albums i have missed . one song in particular , " the seedling " ( i believe ) has a different sound than the rest of the album . it has a harsher sound , but is still a good song . this is a great introduction if you are new to oldham or if you are returning listener . 
dvd neg 2.txt i am amazed and mystified that most of the reviewers herein found the movie to be excellent ! ! as for me , i made it about thirty minutes into the film before turning it off in dismay . the fault in order of importance : poor screenplay , poor cinematography and poor performance by pacino , who seems to be vying for the most over-the-top performance . the film was absurd in many ways from the outset : the pans from star to star lasting just short of giving the viewer any purpose for any of the fast camera pans . close-up after close-up conveying no meaning , pacino overacting like jack palance in one of his not-so-famous european pieces of tripe from the sixties and seventies , an utterly dumb plot with pacino and company proving at the beginning that they are bumbling cops . first example , they chase the bad guy to a cabin which is on stilts or something like that ; then , instead of staying on the ground below and smoking the bad guy out or something at least tactically sound , they storm the stairs and pacino stands right in front of the door yelling " police , you 're under arrest . " they kick in the front door and find that the culprit has escaped through an underground water source . of course , pacino follows and dives right into the underwater stream , having absolutely no idea where the guy is or if there are boobytraps of some sort . cut to pacino running around in nearly zero visibility fog , glimpsing the guy for a second or two before losing him in the fog . stumbling around further , pacino is obviously disoriented until a shot is fired at him from , we must assume , his quarry . did the screen writer forget that pacino 's colleagues are also supposedly chasing the culprit , too ? inevitably and apparently not , because pacino spots a figure in the fog and plugs him . as i watched this scene unfold , i became thoroughly disheartened when it becomes clear what i knew already , that pacino has fired on and killed his partner . it was then that i decided that i had had enough . by the way , the european version , with stellan skarsgaard is infinitely superior . do n't waste your money or on-line rental queue on this hollywood drivel . ditto for the other pacino junk i rented at the same time , the recruit , which i could only stand for about a half hour too 
camera pos 605.txt at first it was a little hard to get my pictures to look as good as the samples , but i found that by re-sizing them to about an inch or so on the computer before downloading them that they show up alot better . also , the ones with higher contrast are easier to see farther away . just look at the samples that come pre-loaded to remind yourself that it is possible to get great-looking pics at a surprisingly high resolution . after a few practice downloads i was thrilled with the results . **another plus : this one came with a wall charger . most have to be plugged in to the usb to charge . the wall charger makes it perfect to share on vacation when you 're away from your computer 
camera neg 80.txt i bought this camera on the recommendation of a store technician over another hp digital . the camera has spent as much time in the repair shop as it has being used . the delay between pictures is incredibly long . the lens / shutter does n't open properly . ( two other family members who own powershot a520 's are having the same problems 
camera pos 338.txt pros : - reduces flare and ghosting when shooting in bright light . - helps protect your lens from dirt and scratches . - somewhat protects the lens in case of a fall . better to break the hood than the front element . - makes you look more like you know what you are doing and helps to keep others from carelessly walking in front of you . cons : - will increase lens movement in windy situations , kind of like a sail on a boat . - takes up more room in your bag , even when reversed they still add to the diameter of the lens . - people take more notice of you , will help to blow your cover if you are trying to keep a low profile 
dvd neg 600.txt $23 for the chinese version and the english subtitles are mad . the english subtitles available on american cable television enhance the drama so tape off of cable . i do n't regret this purchase because i think drama sets should be $25 tops and the camera is so clear on this dvd compared to what is seen on american cable that you can really see how old the teenagers are . it made for a more enjoyable viewing experience for me when i did n't really care for it when it was mistier and flawless on cable . so what if there are a lot of matching fat scarves and sweaters in this series ? i do n't get the appeal of this show at all . i thought it was really slow . my favorite part was a barfing drunk girl in the background of one scene but otherwise i felt my hair turning white watching the characters walk and walk , breath in , breathe out , and ponder ponder . i think the phenomenon of the show 's popularity is a tidge more interesting than the show but it is still boring boring boring . just thinking about this show , strips another layer of elasticity from my heart . it 's so boring . p.s. this drama got a 20% rating domestically but sam soon and jang geum scored 50%. hahaha 
music pos 645.txt very rich in music , fully orchestrated and full of energy . i highly recommend this album for everyone who loves new age music and to all those who like classical music . david took it to another level on this one . i myself like new age artists that incorporate orchestra to their music and that is why i loved this album . if you like this album , i recommend you to explore yanni , secret garden , giovanni and bernward koch 
music pos 745.txt excellent songwriting , guitar playing and overdubbing . another live album following his first with previously recorded songs not on frampton comes alive would have been just as successful as comes alive . days dawning , crying clown , fanfare are a few such songs . a few songs from wind of change , something 's happening , and even a couple from his early days with the herd would have contributed to a second successful live album rather than the i 'm in you album which was a terrible disappointment 
music pos 66.txt the sundays come out with a cd once a decade , thus putting me in constant cravings for new material . though camera obscura is very original and very much their own band , they satisfy the cravings that only harriet wheeler could touch . truly vast and intimate at the same time , and a voice that speaks to something very deep , sad and lovely inside you 
music pos 218.txt i love this album , the best of phil collins . i believe every great artist always delivers their best stuff when they are in a rut . i know he wrote some of the songs on this album bases on his bad times / suffering with his ex wife . he did not realize how much pain she was in and the mood and moment is captured very well . he is a great composer . too bad most of his new songs...2006 , times are different and so is his life , i do not enjoy them as much . once an artist becomes more self-actualized much of their best work becomes just that a memory . 
camera neg 781.txt i bought this camera based on an older 3mp version a friend of mine has that i liked . the older model is far superior . this camera is slow to focus , slow to shoot , and slow to save . i took 5 pictures in a row of the same thing in the same lighting condition ( indoor , medium light ) on the automatic setting , all 5 pictures turned out different , only one turned out clear . i returned it the next day and bought a cannon that i am very happy with 
music neg 542.txt you 'll find better works out there , particularly if you 're a miles fan . the emphasis here is on milt jackson and his vibraphone , which gives the album a light , airy feeling . missing is much of miles ' horn and sentiment . you also get a bit shortchanged with a mere 30 minutes of music . i would call this a & quot ; pleasant&quot ; album , which in my jazz-world is not a happy thing 
music pos 279.txt i think this my first ep purchase ever - and i generally feel that , despite the quality many offer , eps just are not worth it . sam beam was clearly on a mission to change my mind , as these apparent " outtakes " from the creek drank the cradle are every bit as good as that miracle debut - if not better . i only very recently discovered iron and wine through our endless numbered days , and have since been backtracking only to see that this remarkably talented artist can do no wrong . the standout track to me is the night descending , it has the feel of a track pulled right out of the past . the other four tracks are just as excellent though , and i think sam 's managed to make an avid fan out of me . damn.. . and just when i thought there were no new artists to be excited about ! 
camera pos 220.txt i bought this flash to use on my canon rebel xt . the first thing i noticed was that without even reading the instructions i was able to get much better results on pictures taken indoors . being able to bounce the flash off the white ceilings provided much better color contrasts to the built in flash . even when i set my camera to shoot quick pictures in succession the flash did not let me down . it did not need anytime to recharge at all . i recently just came back from vacation and took a lot of outdoor evening shots . most of the pictures came back with great results . the only dissappointment i have is that when taking shots from further distance than i normally would , the pictures came back darker than i would 've liked . so , to compensate for this i adjusted the flash exposure on my camera and although it was an improvement it was a hassle taking several test shots before getting it right . another problem i have with the flash is the battery cover . it 's flimsy and i find it awkward to open and close at times . i always feel like i 'm gonna snap it off by accident . overall i am happy . it 's a good flash for the price you pay . the battery life is good . i still have n't even had to recharge the batteries and i 've almost taken 200 shots with it . my low light picture have improved dramatically by investing in an external flash . anyone with a decent camera should never use the built in flash . the difference is night and day 
camera neg 158.txt i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good 
books neg 831.txt this book is poor . it ' s not & quot ; philosophical&quot ; in any sense because it 's not logical and it 's not supported by the majority of music scholars today . reimer contradicts himself at every turn ; he does n't understand what langer is really saying ; and . his absolutist notion of music is completely out of synch with what most scholars argue about music today . reimer just mouths a lot of fluffy , feel-good nonsense 
camera neg 376.txt this battery only gives me about an hour of playing time on my philips pet724 7 " portable dvd / divx player . after that it claims to have 75% charge left but ca n't even get the player to turn on and does n't charge it if it 's turned off 
camera pos 373.txt i upgraded from the canon digital rebel ( grey body ) to this because i was ready to take my photography to a new level . one thing i like most about this camera is it 's flash compenstation . i purchased the 430ex flash with it because i was tired of having to use the built in flash and always getting those hard shadows on the wall 
camera pos 333.txt i purchased this camera a year ago ( summer 05 ) . definitely a great upgrade over the original rebel , although the new xti has a larger screen which is the one aspect of this camera that is not perfect . there are other sites that will perform more comprehensive reviews of this camera , but after a year mine is still working perfectly 
camera pos 214.txt now , this is n't the fastest card on the market . but it is a solid , reliable card . the camera itself is the bottle kneck , and typically not this card . however , if you are using a canon dslr of a recent flavor , i would check if it needs to be rma'd . a known quantity of these cards have proven to lose images . scary . however , i 've not experienced the mysterious loss of images with my card or rebel xt . i 've only ever pushed the cards speed limits with my pd70x , and definately not with my rebel xt 
music pos 586.txt if you like beatles , monkees and the who , then you will like the group that is better than all of them ; the rascals ! " lonely too long " is a sad rock pop painful staple in your 60 's elbow...it hurts...then theres all this other good sh*** here...and i do n't mean groovin ! the harmonys and the killer keyboards and tight drumming in these little pop angry yet cheerful nuggets is where its at ! ...i can remember listening to the rascals intermitently with black sabbath and the stooges...and i realised that above all...i liked my rascals record the most back in 1987 up in that cold lonely bel air gardening cabode ! also known at times as ' the young rascals ' but to me...this band will always be the one from way back in childhood that got me listening to queen and the who later on........its hard to say that they are underrated since in any given conversation , you realise the rascals get tone of respect and people will take over and talk about them ; five stars...buy this thing 
camera neg 39.txt amazon 's aggressive marketing tacticts now include shipping you goods when you called them to cancel it . i will never buy from amazon again . i bought over 100 items over 5 years . i purchased the camera on a 1 day delivery plan . they then just ship 4-5 day completely insensitive to a photographer 's needs . i cancelled order 2 days before it ships , they say sorry we cannot cancel . 2 days ? ? ? come-on . i guess the $3000 just creates nice interest . the end for me and amazon , i do not like this kind of " aggressive marketing " . good advice , rather buy direct from b&h photo , pay double if you like , but you will get what you pay for there , not aggressive marketing and shoving of a product down your throat at their terms . i am truly annoyed . run , hide . 
music neg 407.txt just like in my other review i ca n't figure out the madness over these guys . i will ask in this post as well for somebody to actually explain to me why they should be heard and are relevant in a creative way . honestly people you ca n't call these guys artists . an artist creates something from a idea or two these guys take those ideas and just lump them together . it 's as simple as that . and to top it of they do n't have the chops as musicians to be relevant in that form either . a comment like " they rock " or " the lead singer is soooo hot " are n't examples of a great artist or band . from the dates of the last post my words might be in vain , kind of like the validity of this record . because there has n't been a post on here for two years . if a fan of banking benjamins does stumble upon this post i invite you to check out my other reviews , and checkout some relevant and great music 
dvd neg 775.txt as some of the other reviewers have mentioned , this us release has replaced the original source music . but the region 2 version has been released without these cuts , so for everyone with a multiregion player , i 'd suggest using amazon.co.uk to buy a copy there instead 
camera pos 140.txt this is n't a full review but some thoughts i 've had after using it for a long time . stabilization - the fact is that if this is the camera you take everywhere with you , you are going to either lose shots or have to use the flash . if flash does n't bother you , no sweat . but i 've never like the look of it . ease-of-use - great . voice memo - i use this feature all the time . it would be nice if it had a pause button because without it i end up with many small files . ex - this is where you set the exposure . casio does a great job putting everything in one place . the only thing they should have done better is that if you have changed a selection ( e.g. iso 200 to 400 ) and hit the shutter release it should take the shot . instead nothing happens . you have to click set first . it 's an extra step that you have to make during a critical time 
camera pos 176.txt this filter is a must have for photographers that care about their gear . it remains a cost effective tool for protecting the camera lens while serving as a great every day filter . 
dvd pos 690.txt its amazing how strongly images and music can impact the senses without any spoken word . this is a great film to throw on , relax , and absorb . 
music pos 306.txt with a compelling story , great music , great lyrics , and two outstanding female leads , aida certainly delievers . right from the start with the goregous " every story is a love story " , the listener is captured by the wonderful spirit of the show . the seamless tranisition between ballads and showtunes is flawless . the three stars of the show each being something different to this recording . while adam pascal is always great , he 's the weak point on this recording . i much more prefer him in rent , and i do n't think his voice suits this show very well . sherie renee scott is teriffic as amneris , and her powerful voice fills this recording with the powerful opener and " i know the truth " . the star , however , is heather headley as aida . her tony-winning performance will be forever immortalized on this recording with big , raw , emotional , and powerful voice . she 's is perfect in every way 
camera neg 826.txt this is a poor excuse for a lens coming from canon . can only be used at a certain zoom or you will get a circular ring around the photo . please do not waste your money like i did 
music neg 58.txt great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks 
music neg 206.txt anyone who rates this more than one star has mental deficiencies . seriously 
music neg 79.txt i basically love anything mr. carter does , but this one has alot of great lyrics ( as usual ) . i 'm so glad he 's coming out of retirement . any fan of jay-z will enjoy this cd 
music pos 343.txt even though gary allen is a country singer , he rocks as an artist ! he has a vein of rock mixed in with his deep country voice . this man 's voice is so smooth , he could melt butter along with any woman 's heart . guys will like him too , but he 's a crooner , his ballads touch women ( sigh ! ) and make men want to emulate him . i enjoyed every song on this cd , but my personal favorites are : tough little boys , and songs about rain , both beg to be sang along with 
camera neg 698.txt i like this camera . some settings take it beyond the standard point and shoot experience . for a first-timer , it has been great . the camera rates 4 stars . customer service , on the other hand , has been a disaster . an easy share software downloaded update did n't load properly and led me on a trail of three customer service reps over the course of 4 1 / 2 hours with no resolution . after requesting to speak to a customer service manager , i was promised that a $7.95 cd of the software would be sent for free ( though it was clear he was doing me a favor because " these cd 's cost money and do n't grow on trees , " he said . whether or not the cd solves the problem remains to be seen . but customer service is awful . to recap : nice camera , but unless you have endless customer service patience , search out other options 
music pos 185.txt ( in reference to another review ) - the symbol on the cover of still is the factory records logo , joy division 's record label . since i 'm in the area... . i 've owned this album for about 15 years and it still sounds , in parts , as solid as anything joy division ever did . some of the live stuff is so-so but studio tracks like the kill , dead souls , exercise one , they walked in line and something must break are damn near worth the price of admission alone . if you already like joy division , thereby showing good taste , this is a great album . if you find yourself slowly descending beneath the black cloud of depression , unknown pleasures should fit . if you have been there and find yourself wanting out , closer is the soundtrack . this album is more varied in mood , for established fans and safer for household pets 
music pos 246.txt i bought this cd after i 'd watched the movie the first three times . the music is wonderful . i bought it specifically for the song they sing in the church scene - " i do n't care to stay here long " and i want it played at my own funeral way out there in " someday " . you ca n't hear it without smiling and the words are much easier to understand on the cd than in the movie . but just in case , here 's the first foot-stompin ' verse : fare - - well , vain world ! i 'm going home . my savior smiles and bids me come and i do n't care to stay here long . bright angels beckon me away to sing god 's praise in endless day and i do n't care to stay here long . right up yonder ! christians , away up yon-der . oh , yes my lord , for i do n't care to stay here long 
music neg 568.txt first they started out as nu-metal , then they moved onto metalcore , and now psuedo-death metal . it should be no surprise to the fools who listen to this garbage that they are clearly following trends , and after each trend dies , they just move on to another one . if my calculations are correct , expect a psuedo-black metal release . but , what about the musicians ? sure , they have a fast drummer...who likes to trigger alot , then they have two guitarists...who like to steal pantera riffs , and then they have the singer , who , well , sounds just like all the rest . atleast they dont have the dj anymore ( oh wait , they do , nevermind . ) enough of my rambling , how does this untalented group of posers fair up ? well , image if mushroomhead went metalcore . ' nuff said . avoid 
camera neg 469.txt i purchased this to display mpeg movies ( which it says it can ) . i was told by tech support that i had to use a divx encoder and that they must be avi ( which is also incorrect ) . the sanyo xacti video camera i was using was mpeg-4 ( the ipod accepts the files without issue ) , i tried converting them in quicktime to several different types of mpeg4 and none worked . there are better frames out there and i intend on finding out which one is the best . i have ordered another brand and will see if it works . this was by first product return on amazon . 
music pos 176.txt a quality album from richard . long time fans will not be disappointed . it will win over quite a few new fans as well with it great guitars and snappy lyrics 
music pos 432.txt what can you say about mfl that has n't already been said . sublime , perfect , classic . this is still the definitive recording of the show , and no one has ever come close to the original cast . sadly , while the movie is wonderful , had warner bros . used andrew 's it might have been one of the greatest film musicals of all time . and while audrey hepburn gamely gives it her all , andrew 's had clearly made eliza doolittle her own , and she would have been uncomparable on film , and raised the level of the entire movie . well , the rest is history , andrews went on to be one of the biggest movie stars of the 60's . still , probably the best example of a play being adapted into a musical . as george bernard shaw said ( when he finally gave in and saw it during it 's london run ) " i do n't know where shaw ends and lerner and lowe begins . 
music neg 706.txt sorry to say i 'm not a huge fan of tanghetto even after seening them play live at la viruta last month . few of the tracks are just undanceable and the music gets pretty boring after a while . i say if you want neuvo tango try narcotango or otro aires . 
software pos 132.txt i wo n't include my website url here , but i 'm a professional photographer , who displays and sells his work at juried exhibitions . i 've been using photoshop since version 5.0 , roughly 6-7 years . frankly , i 'm surprised to see how many negative reviews there are here of photoshop cs2 , and that overall the product only gets three stars . i understand all the frustration , though . even on a top-of-the-line machine , " ps cs2 " can be slow at times . however , in my case , that 's because i 'm working on incredibly large files . for example , my camera / scanner combination typically produces 50 megapixel images . by the time multiple layers are added in ps , one image file can be 500 mb - 1 gb in size . this is exactly why i have a dual-opteron system with 4 gb of ram : so i can work on these monster files in photoshop ! for me , photoshop is a must-have . there are *no* alternative programs for me to consider that can handle my files and do what i want to get done . i do n't even want to mention all the advanced features that i use on a daily basis , frankly because that 's part of my edge as a professional . i 've spent over five years working in ps everyday , and have carefully studied several advanced books on ps . the learning curve is long , but the rewards are great if you have high goals and high standards . yeah , adobe 's got some major improvements to make , along the lines that other reviewers have mentioned . for me , the only real problem is poor and often wasteful use of system memory . and i would agree with other reviewers here that for most people , the full photoshop cs2 is probably a waste of money . photoshop elements is probably a better way to go , though i have n't used it personally . i know a good web designer who uses paint shop pro , and who seems to be happy . imho , some people are probably drawn to photoshop the way others are drawn to autocad or solidworks or 3d studio max . all these programs are incredibly powerful tools that can support an entire career if one puts in the time and effort to become a true expert user . you ca n't make a career out of ps elements , or paint shop pro , or gimp , or whatever else other reviewers may mention . ps cs2 is " the standard " for image manipulation 
music pos 301.txt this is one of my all-time favorite cds . i loved all the songs on this cd except one . my favorite is " black girl pain " and it should be an anthem and inspriration for black women all over the globe . i had the pleasure of seeing talib in concert a few months ago in atlanta and his live show was even better than his cd . true hip-hop lives 
camera neg 866.txt my primary camera is a sony hdr-fx1. i bought the gl-2 as a second unit for multiple camera angles at sporting events . the gl-2 is a respectable camera but in my opinion the video image does n't even come close to the sony . the price and rebate offer was the greatest incentive in my purchase of this camera . however , beware of the rebate offer . i sent all the documents in strict compliance with the terms of the rebate only to have it rejected . the rebate facilitator claimed i did not include the upc code . if i had it to do over , i would dig deeper into my wallet and buy a second sony 
music neg 719.txt being a fan of jack johnson , i thought this one would be as good as the others . i was n't impressed at all . it sounds like a few guys pickin ' around in the basement . the recording quality has very little production value . at best , these are okay live versions of usually great songs . this is an unnecessary piece for your jack johnson collection . 
music neg 903.txt i heard from a number of people that amon amarth were an excellent death metal band , so with that in mind , i though i 'd try osftgh . what i hear , and it certainly seems i 'm missing out on something , is sloppy musicianship and poor songwriting . just because you have mead dripping from your beard , and you scream out lyrics that contain , no mercy , vengeance and " it 's your time to die " does not mean you can create " authentic " viking / metal . these idiots could definitely take lessons from : enslaved , manegarm , falkenbach to name a few . do n't fall for the hype ! 
camera pos 769.txt the charger really did what it was supposed to do . i have an li-10b , so i was still some what worried that it was n't going to do the job , but it did . i also liked that it was small so you can travel with it anywhere . 
music pos 88.txt ...wandering through the dorms in the 1970 's this was one of those albums that was in everyone 's collection . it was usually very near the front of the record stack . every time i hear that opening guitar riff from reelin ' in the years i glide back to a very nice place in time . if you hope to understand the evolution of us pop / rock music you need to become intimate with this recording ! 
camera pos 409.txt for its size and price , this little light ca n't be beat . very transportable and produces a dramatic influence on the image quality of evening shoots indoors . i think this is a must have for camcorder owners . my vhs family movies shot over 20 years ago are still a source of pure joy , so i see this as a miniscule investment for the long-term return . 
dvd pos 687.txt i really loved this dvd . there is some information for everybody , beginners as well as advanced . there is also a nice presence from paul himself who does not hestitate to retrace the painful and private premices of this album . i was not necessarily a huge fan of his music and knew absolutely nothing of his personnal life and of his method in composing . this dvd , without being too personnal , made me discover the craftmanship of the composer and the depth of the man . i also enjoyed the discovery of the south-african music , their traditions and influence as described by some of the musician of that country . the many footages of the countryside were a pleasure , which worked perfectly with " graceland " songs . the anecdotes are meaningful , witty , funny , deep , depending on the situation . none of them self-indulgent or egotistical . this dvd is a truly great journey with one of the most influential folk composer's . i would rank this dvd up there with " the clash , west way to the world " and " u2 , the making of the joshua tree " . 
music pos 516.txt i really enjoyed the song kids in america by no secrets . both of my children enjoyed it as well . in fact i have been looking for their cd or for more information on them . i thought they were cute , fresh , and brought a new touch to the song 
camera pos 62.txt my cousin 's wife is a professional studio photographer who occasionally lends out her lenses to me for clothing / lifestyle photoshoots ( i 've been pretty active in this area for some time , just now starting to go full digital ) , and i 've used the f / 2.8l about four or five times and this is one of the best lenses i 've used . period . shooting wide open allows you to retain high shutter speeds for night shots , as well as get very interesting and vibrant long shutter shots ( of crowds , the freeway at night , etc ) . when shooting action shots , the tripod mount can get in the way of zooming and focusing , but it can be removed easily enough . i personally just purchased the f / 4.0l , which , coupled with a relatively wide max aperture and shooting at either 1600 or 3200 on my 20d , should do nicely , but i still rate the 2.8 high up on my list 
camera pos 797.txt i think is a " must " for any beginner , for a low price you can have almost all the different size of ep . try them for a few months and then when you will be completely sure what do you want and buy the ep that you need . 
camera neg 40.txt i bought this lens based on the super telephoto ability and low cost . you truly get what you pay for , and this thing is n't worth a plug nickel . i took a few shots on a tripod and could not believe how terrible this lens was @ 300mm ( 480mm on a digital rebel xt ) . incredibly soft . even stopped down , i would never want to make an enlargement from it . stay away . do n't believe the fools who are novices , you will be disappointed with this lens . you 're much better off to buy the older & used 100-300mm 5.6 ( the l version costs more too ) but both are so much better than this junker . you 're even more crazy if you think you can take decent photo 's with this lens handheld . having switched from nikon when switching to digital , i almost judged canon from this one lens , which i 'm glad i didn't . do n't waste your money or learn the hard way like i did . this lens also had terrible purple fringing , almost as bad as the kit 18-55mm . after extensive research and testing i now own and am happy with the following canon lenses : canon 10-22mm canon 28-105mm ( 3.5 version ) canon 100-300mm ( 5.6 non-l version ) i will sell for the l version when i can afford it . the kit 18-55mm makes usable shots , but when i could afford it , i sold it too . you will get better results buying a rebel xt and an older 100-300mm than you would with a brand new xti and this terrible 75-300mm lens . 
camera neg 822.txt i bought a 743 for the wife for christmas . i had a 6330 that i was very happy with . so a 743 should be better right ? every time that she went to use it the batteries were dead . we finally figured out that a new set would go dead in two days without ever turning it on ! after several e mails they told me to call service . i got someone in india that could not understand me and i had a really hard time figuring out what he was saying . they made it very dificult to get it sent in . i sent it in today , but i do not expect much from the example that their service has done so far . i hope it comes back at least . 
music pos 286.txt although i like this album , there 's nothing that especially stands out about it . it 's typical bright eyes , and if you already love the band you wo n't be disappointed . however , it 's not one of their best albums . it 's not as good as lifted , not as addicting as fevers and mirrors , and not as raw and endearing as letting off the happiness . but yet again , conor succeeds in writing songs that capture all of the emotion without making me ill in a dashboard confessional sort of way 
music pos 942.txt i am not sure about my baby , but i love this cd ! actually baby loves it too but probably not to that great extent . : - 
camera neg 11.txt i have gotten better results with sterlingtek batteries for a fraction of the price...like less the $15 shipped 
camera pos 403.txt good camera for the $129 i paid . does everything pretty well , and your picture modes are pretty customizable . only qualm is it takes a second or two longer than i wish when the camera saves / loads pictures to the memory card . might be a problem when trying to shoot consecutive pictures- - but probably would n't be doing it with this type of camera anyways . 
music neg 354.txt it really does n't appeal to me . but if you like them that is your opinion . i 'm not going to say your stupid for liking them because your different from me . but i just feel that there is way to much cursing for my liking i mean the creativity here is not very high i just feel you could use better words . but i mean the measure of a man is not how many girls you slept with . i mean that is how you lose money on child support . sex has never been the most important thing in life . honestly though i mean you just ca n't see these guys rapping about these same things when they 're 40 right cause that is wrong . i mean why be interested in a group of rappers that in 10 years probably wont be making music anymore let alone still be together 
camera neg 705.txt quite unsatisfied with this product and will be returning the 2 i purchased as gifts . in fact , the recipients asked me to return them . main reason , in order for it to be " portable " it requires a special battery that you can only buy from the manufacturer for an additional $30. i already spent $100 , not planning on spending more money . i think photoco needs to rethink their product and improve customer satisfaction . 
music pos 748.txt i bought this cd since my sister had stolen my original copy , lol . need i say more 
camera neg 293.txt after three weeks the batteries fails . i buy a knew one in walmart , and less expensive 
camera neg 984.txt this is a good charger - quick and portable . but the battery life of the battery sucks ! 
music neg 448.txt it has been nearly three months and i have yet to receive the subject michael henderson cd . amazon should not be offering this item for sale , if they do not have access to a supplier 
music neg 692.txt i respect everyone 's opinion in here , and i 've tried so hard to love this album because i love pink floyd and i see how everyone calls it a classic . but i just do not get it . i highly overrated album imo . very childlike and underdeveloped , but maybe that is its charm ? i see 2 very different pink floyds and i have to say i never got into syd 's style . matilda this , lucifer that . the gnome ? come on . astromony domine was a classic but the rest of the album is a tough listen i 'm sorry to say . i 'm sure you 'll say a true floyd fan would love this album , well maybe that 's true . but for me , when waters and gilmour were together , that is the true floyd imo . and their reign started with meddle and ended with the wall . a brilliant 6 album run ( meddle , obc , dsotm , wywh , animals , the wall ) . for serious collectors , this is a must have and i 'll give it 2 stars , but stay away if you expect another ' wish you were here ' purchase , pre-gilmour can be a tough listen . 
dvd neg 430.txt if there 's a worse movie than this i have n't seen it ! looks like it was made in a day . the quality is dark and muddy with choppy edits . sort of like it was copied from a vhs tape that was recorded in the 6 hour mode after it was played 6 , 000 times . the actors and actresses deliver their lines like they are playing aliens in a bad twilight zone episode . if you look hard enough you can see the guy holding the cue cards in the scenes . the musical performances are obscure little known doo wop flops ! ( except for frankie lymon ) . look.....i wasted $14.99 plus tax plus gas to " run out " and buy this bomb . the only possible way to save it would be to maybe dub it in swedish , send it to a greenwich village " art house " and pass it off as a foreign film . come to think of it....do n't bother to dub it.....the sound is so off it looks dubbed already ! important update.....please read this ! i later discovered after i wrote this review that there is some significant social redeeming value to this little gem of the 50's . i understand that it is used constantly at the international institute for sleep disorders as the most preferred method of inducing a semi-comcious near sleep state for incurable insomniacs . and so as i write this update i 've been watching the flick again and i must admit.....i.... . ( yawn ) oh excuse me...where was i...oh yes i must admit that i.... . ( bigger yawn ) oh my goodness....i 'm so sorry....this is so rude of me... . ( yawn ) but it seems like.... . ( snoring ) ....i... . ( snoring ) i just ca n't seem to ( intense snoring ) ........ 
camera pos 416.txt the camera fits perfectly . the case is very stylish . best of all , its pink 
camera neg 744.txt before that it was kind of nice , but it cannot focus in even semi-low light . it is definitely light and easy to take everywhere , but there are so many conditions where the results are disappointing . no way i would call the output hd quality , just the best sd ever with a 16 * 9 format . and then it broke 
music pos 619.txt throb was my introduction to jazz back in ' 69 or ' 70. i have listened to it all of these years on lp then cd , and it never lost its charm . steve swallow was just as nutty then as he is now , " chickens " is my favorite cut . the play between electric violinist richard greene and guitarist jerry hahn is a thing of beauty . hahn is still a player who can put just the right note in just the right place ( like that other countrified genius of jazz bill frisell ) , he can fuzz and wah-wah then tinkle the strings just right to make his musical point . one interesting thing is the organ playing by burton on throb , besides his vibes . the jarrett-burton album also has hahn and swallow , and drummer bill goodwin - -it is very much an album that shows all the new ideas sprouting in music . fortunately , the ideas of that time did not die out , but have continued to grow , making room for all sorts of fusions in jazz , many of which have been remarkable to experience . these two-lps-in-one is like having a superstar album before they became superstars . as i said before , i still play this cd after almost 35 years , and i still get a kick out of it , and still find things that amaze me 
music pos 111.txt i am a lover of " greatest hits " compact discs but this one by far is the best one i have purchased recently . this compact disc has almost all of the best tunes that joe walsh made and i highly recommend it to anyone who loves to rock ! 
camera pos 186.txt seems a little much to pay for an " extension cord " but upon receipt i see it is of very high quality and nice build on the connectors . plus , its a brand item from canon , so what can you do 
music pos 180.txt the edward scissorhands score will always be one of my absolute favorite movie scores . i truly believe this is danny elfman 's best score and believe me , he 's done some great scores ! the music is so moving . the childrens chorus mixed with the soft bells and strings were absolutely perfect for this sweet , beautiful film . even people who have n't seen this film have probably heard the music from it since it is used in so many film previews and commercials . a must-have for any danny elfman and / or tim burton fan 
dvd pos 139.txt warner herzog 's " grizzly man " won the director 's guild award for best feature documentary , but the people who pass out oscars apparently did n't agree . " grizzly man " was not among this year 's nominees for best documentary . many of herzog 's narrative films , such as " fitzcaraldo , " deal with man 's attempt to challenge the indifference of nature , so " grizzly man " is not a departure by any means . herzog 's heroes are often obsessed with accomplishing some mysterious , even bizarre , goal . timothy treadwell 's fixation is on grizzly bears . " i am one of them , " he is heard to say . he survived in the wild , accompanied by a video camera , and , on at least one occasion , by a girlfriend . , living among the most dangerous beasts in the world whom he apparently believed he was protecting . " animals rule , " he said , fist defiantly pumping in the air . " timothy conquered . " treadwell became a minor celebrity during his life , appearing once on david letterman 's cbs show , but he aspired to more . before letting his love of animals consume him , he tried his luck in hollywood . he got an agent , and auditioned for tv and movie roles . he was , he told his parents , second choice for the bartender role on " cheers " which went to woody harrelson . missing out on that opportunity left him " crushed . " what really drove treadwell ? he reminds me of fey little carson on " queer eye for the straight guy , " and as he openly mentions that it 's easier to be gay than straight , i wonder if he was homosexual but unable to deal with his orientation , transferred his love of men to the roughest trade imaginable : grizzly bears . " i like girls , " he volunteers , but then he mentions various cruising places - truck stops , men 's rooms - in such a way as to make me think he had personal experience haunting these kinds of homosexual hangouts . he was also an alcoholic . were his wilderness adventures an escape from passions he was emotionally and psychologically unprepared to pursue ? those who are seen offering their remembrances of treadwell never allude to his sexuality . they describe a man whose life is ruled by a naive , hippy , new age approach to nature and who died as a result . the bears , to whom he gave names like " mr. chocolate " and " tabitha , " need protection , he said , and he was their self-appointed caretaker . others suggest that , despite his good intentions , he did more harm to the animals than he could have imagined . after treadwell was eaten by a bear , the animal was shot and its remains became a feast for other forms of wildlife . shooting a bear because he eats a man is comparable to shooting the customers at kfc for eating chicken . what is a bear supposed to do with a human who invades his turf ? treadwell was an intruder . one mans saystreadwell made the mistake of thinking these were people in bear suits . but treadwll knew these were animals . trouble is , his knowledge of animals seemed to have been learned from disney cartoons . the universe , director herzog says , is ruled by hostility , chaos , and murder . treadwell had a different philosophy . " is n't that sad ? " he squeals in his high-pitched girlish voice as he observes a bee who apparently expired while doing " his pollen thing . " " i love that bee , " he says . partially financed by the discovery channel , " grizzly man " is superficially a nature documentary about a man who loved wildlife so much that he felt at home among the bears and wolves more than he did his fellow humans . but it 's also a portrait of a highly disturbed man who admits he was treated for manic depression but rejected medication to control the condition because , he admitted , he needed those soaring highs and crushing lows . he also needed to record his solitary life on video . we see him crying as he pets a wolf , laughing when his command that god make it rain seems to have been obeyed , and arrogantly blasting the humans whom he perceives as the enemy of the animals . what we do not see is his final encounter with the bear that ate him . mercifully , the lens cap was on the camera when he was attacked . the camera was running , though , and treadwell 's screams , and the screams of his girlfriend , were recorded . out of respect for his family , herzog does not let the audience hear these recordings . instead , we see him listening to the audio , and his reaction ( telling one of treadwell 's friends that she must never listen to it , just as she must never see the coroner 's photos of the aftermath of the attack ) , is possibly more effective than including the obviously horrific sounds in the film . " i had no life , " treadwell said of his days before he began to frolic with ferocious beasts . " now i have a life . " that life is memorialized in herzog 's film . brian w . fairbank 
camera pos 318.txt puts a protective glass over your expensive gla$$ without distortion . 
camera neg 649.txt i made the mistake of ordering this camera to substitute buying a pro camera . the color and noise was terrible . if you want a great point and shoot camera get the canon powershot s50 while they are still available . the camera has pro features , it was so good they stopped making it because it should have been in the pro camera line at a much higher price tag . if you want to see s50 pictures go to [...] and search my gallery cathreen styles . all most all of the pictures in the gallery were taken with the s50. i am going to buy another just to have when mine breaks . by the way , i did end up buy a pro camera , mainly because of the look . i got the canon 30d and love it 
music pos 975.txt i drive alot commuting to and from my job . this music has served as the perfect backdrop to an lovely indiana fall ! i 'm sure i 'll recall those colorful images as i continue to listen to this cd through the colorless days of winter 
music neg 515.txt there 's a reason oar flopped when it was released back in 1969 : it sucks . thirty eight years later , with skip spence safely in his grave , some now give this pitiful mess *five* stars . since you ca n't give more than five stars here , they 're saying oar is on a level with masterpieces like sergeant pepper.. . dark side of the moon.. . led zeppelin 4.... ! just between you and me , i think the government is still secretly drugging people . with all due respect to skip 's venerable memory , oar is a painful aural experience . the first two tracks , little hands and cripple creek , are halfway good , and show some production values ; but things quickly deteriorate from there . one gets the impression the rest of oar was cobbled together in the recording studio just prior to taping - then put in the can after only one or two takes . lastly , the bass playing and drumming are just awful . yes , it 's too bad that things ended up like they did for skip . and it 's hard not to sympathize with him - he flew high only to crash hard . but let 's keep a sense of perspective : his tragedy did not translate into good music . one extra star in his memory . 
music pos 601.txt .and so worth the price of admission . 6 cds worth to be exact . coleman 's musical voice is so free and full of life ! it really is beautiful 
camera neg 272.txt i made sure i did my research and read all the reviews on various cameras before deciding to go with this one . i was highly disappointed when i got my camera home and put in the batteries , turned it on and immediately the lens got stuck in the " out " position with an error reading that said : lens error , restart camera . i tried to restart it a zillion times , only for it to say the same thing . i went on line and found that this is a problem with some canon cameras and now , instead of being excited about having this particular camera , i am completely disappointed . i 'm glad others have had such good luck with their cameras . please research the error because , in some cases , it did n't happen until a year later 
music pos 144.txt " i have been a brickman fan since the very first album . much of his early songs were uplifting piano solos without much " electronic enhancement . " escape is a wonderful album full of songs you might find on his early albums . there are three excellent vocals on the cd that will please fans who favor his more recent work which tends to feature the vocalist over the piano . if you are a brickman fan , this is a must have album . 
camera pos 695.txt i have had great luck with other opteka lenses , but i had to by a thread adapter . what is the thread size of this lens here ? i need to know before i buy . opteka , please put thread sizes of your lenses in the description . thanks ! 
camera neg 605.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat 
music neg 840.txt i did not get my order . you were suppoused to send my money back . i am waiting . thank 
dvd pos 904.txt in response to the earlier reviewer , this is sergio garrone 's django il bastardo , not the other film the reviewer mentioned . django il bastardo is a small gem among spaghetti westerns , a low budget b movie in which a ghost ( django ) avenges his own death ( a topic later adapted by clint eastwood for his & quot ; high plains drifter&quot ; ) . hence , steffen 's & quot ; wooden&quot ; acting is totally appropriate for the role . a little jewel with nice gothic atmosphere , innovative camera tricks and good supporting actors ( a standout is luciano rossi as the main baddie 's insane brother ) 
camera pos 401.txt when i purchased this camera i was really conflicted on wheather i should get a digital still camera or a digital video camera . so when i decided still and found out the canon powershot had a video feature , i was pleased but had very low expectations . boy was i suprised ! this camera has so many fun features for both still and video pics . and the quality is awesome for both ! there is a video email option so you do n't have to guess if your videos are going to fit into an email . but if you want you can create some really good quality video with a quick adjustment . and all of it transfers easily to my computer . plus with still pics there are lots of easy features to choose from so you can quickly set up for any kind of shooting sinario . 
camera pos 603.txt great product , great price , great company , quick delivery . we love the small size 
camera neg 689.txt so this was my first digital camera , got it last july for my birthday . i go to a lot of concerts , so i needed a camera that could take pictures in not good light and take pics of moving subjects . well , two days after i got it , i was at a festivale watching my fav band perform and the the screen went white . it would still take pics , only you couldnt see them . after changing the batteries and turnign it off and on , it went back to normal . alarmed , i called samsung and they told me the couldnt do anythign until it was white again . it only did it a couple of times after that so i never called again . but that was only one thing wrong with it . this is a horrible camera for concerts , the pictures are always blurry . shoot , even when im at my house the pics still come out blurry sometimes . tuesday i went to see my fav band again , and the dumb thing goes white . it woudnt stop , no matter how many times i turned it off and on again . now the flash is broke and i 'm ready to throw it against the wall . you ca n't trust this camera . you never know when it will take good pics or bad pics.i wouldnt even consider buying this camera for a minute ! 
camera neg 811.txt cons only , no pros : the velcro closure is week and opens easily terrible look the side zippers are a mistery , totally useless no space for extra memory or battery attaches only to a very small belt the flash opens spontaneously while inserting the camera in its pouch making it difficult to get it out later on and probably damaging the flash 
music pos 382.txt back when blondie was being hailed as the biggest new-wave band in pop music by fans and critics alike , there were also just as many critics that quickly dismissed blondie as " bubblegum pop , " and one group that would never have staying power . but i think it 's been observed enough how the group has had the last laugh . parallel lines helped establish blondie as a serious music group and turned their cult following into commercial success . this album is also the first where debbie harry 's voice gets sharpened with the sensibility of a sweet , vulnerable girl one minute to sultry and rapturous behind disco grooves the next . the album made punk , pop , and disco shake hands , which was a method unheard of in 1978. songs like " hanging on the telephone , " " picture this , " " pretty baby , " and " sunday girl , " have become irresitable pop gems , while " i know but i do n't know , " and " fade away & radiate , " featuring a terrific guitar lick by robert fripp , are punk-driven classics . last but not least are the two hits that are forever getting played on the classic rock stations of today in " one way or another , " and " heart of glass . " and how has debbie harry played out as lead singer after all these years ? as rolling stone stated when this album was ranked #140 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time , " madonna was surely watching . " 
music pos 440.txt the best of taste compiles material from their 4 official albums released from 1969-72. the albums consisted of two studio albums & quot ; taste&quot ; , & quot ; on the boards , and the two live albums & quot ; live taste&quot ; , and & quot ; live at the isle of wight&quot ; . this band was a power trio led by rory gallagher before he disbanded the group to embark on a successful solo career . the band led by gallagher on vocals , guitar ( electric , acoustic , & amp ; slide ) , harmonica , and alto sax specialized in hard hitting blues rock . the music has much in common with cream . however , the richard mccracken and john wilson could not compete with the stellar musicianship of jack bruce and ginger baker . the undervalued gallagher is an unsung guitar hero whose work compares favorably with that of eric clapton . like cream the band favored extended versions of tunes like & quot ; sugar mama&quot ; and & quot ; i feel good&quot ; included here . the music included here is varied . it ranges from the slow gut wrenching version of & quot ; catfish&quot ; to the more acoustic cover of & quot ; leavin ' blues&quot ; . the cuts from & quot ; on the boards&quot ; become more jazzy at times . tracks like & quot ; on the boards&quot ; and & quot ; it 's happenened before , it 'll happen again&quot ; highlight the band 's more improvisational approach . hard hitting tracks like & quot ; eat my words&quot ; spotlight gallagher 's outstanding slide technique . two cuts i miss from this period which are not included here are & quot ; dual carriageway pain&quot ; from & quot ; taste , and & quot ; morning sun&quot ; from & quot ; on the boards&quot ; . the live concert favorite & quot ; sinner boy&quot ; provides a bridge to gallagher 's solo career as the studio version was included on his first solo album & quot ; rory gallagher&quot ; . this anthology provides a great overview of the early work of irish blues-rock guitar hero rory gallagher and his battered stratocaster . it is even more essential as the four original albums are only available as imports 
dvd neg 388.txt obviously , the music featured here is of high-quality . hardly sign of the times transcendent , but nonetheless very exciting ( as was typical of prince 's 2002 tour ) . unfortunately the director does his / her upmost to ruin everything for you with sub-bootleg grainy picture quality and warped sound , hamfisted camera angle switches , bizarre washed-out colors , some horribly cheesy effects and cuts . for a band featuring nothing but incredibly dextrous musicians who play with an enormous level of detail and complexity , it 's a shame the director clearly has n't the faintest idea how to shoot a concert let alone one featuring musicians of this caliber . hey prince , just so you know....your diy " npgmc " approach is only impressive if with it you can match what you 'd been able to do had you still had the financial might of a major behind you . if it looks this amateurish then you just look , well...amateurish . and your talents are not worthy of anything even close to amateur-level presentation . the bootleggers you despise so much put far greater care into the stuff they put out than you obviously could be bothered to do with this . i mean really , you re-shot sign of the times in its entirety at paisley park after the rotterdam / antwerp footage was not up to par : i find it hard to believe that original footage was any worse than this . hardcore prince fans such as myself will want it despite this , but casual fans ( especially those not familiar with the more obscure prince material that makes up most of this concert ) should definitely avoid . 
camera pos 170.txt the fisheye lens is a lot of fun , and i enjoy using mine . however , i find that the practicality of the lens is minimal . i do n't usually want my " serious " photographs to have fisheye distortion . i do n't tend to like the 1.6x crop on canon 's lower-end digital slr cameras , but with the fisheye this has an interesting benefit : it 's reasonably easy to use the fisheye as a standard wide-angle lens , since most of the distortion is removed by the 1.6x crop . you can still get distortion , but it 's a lot easier to compose a shot without it using a 1.6x camera than a full-frame camera . either way , lots of fun . buy one for the enjoyment , or even for professional assignments if your work calls for it , but think about if you really want the distortion before getting one of these 
camera pos 419.txt i purchased this camera so i could photograph wildlife on hikes . i needed something that was not too heavy , was image-stabilized , with telephoto power . this camera meets all those requirements . it does have one problem , however . in bright light , the viewfinder blanks out , so one cannot clearly see the object to be photographed . i have solved that problem to some extent , by pointing the camera at the object , and letting the autofocus do the rest . this " fix " has resulted in many excellent photos . like many other small cameras , the results tend to be contrasty , and i modify this tendency in photoshop 
music pos 688.txt watching the melvins evolve was extremely interesting and entertaining . they began as an unassuming punk band , and proceded to incorporate the heaviness of 70 's rock into their sound . then they stripped away any and all of the " punk " trappings and went for pure heavy . it all culminated with this record . it just does n't get any heavier than ' roman bird dog / hung bunny' . ' with teeth ' , rumored to actually be written by joe preston , is one of my all time favorite melvins songs . speaking of joe preston , he was the by far best of the melvins ' 7000+ bassists they had over the years . shame they got rid of him shortly after this album . as soon as they fired him , they went straight down the greased pole to mediocrity hell . bad karma . thank god that rock bands record their music so that it is n't lost forever every time they make stupid decisions . the only song on this record which i do n't like is the cover of alice cooper 's ' the ballad of dwight fry' . thankfully they made up for it with a cover of flipper 's ' sacrifice' . some of the melvins ' subsequent records have their moments ( stoner witch 's ' shevil ' , stag 's ' cotton mouth ' ) , but for the most part it seems to me that the melvins gave up the ghost after recording this . maybe someday they 'll make a comeback 
music neg 267.txt shannon lawson is capable of a much better album . i saw him down in nashville when he was with the galoots , and it was amazing ! if they were to put out a cd i 'm sure it would be one of my favorites . shannon has a voice and a talent for bluegrass music and that 's what nashville should have let him do on his first solo cd . instead they gave it this generic , overproduced sound , leaving shannon sound like everyone else . with the way bluegrass is selling these days , it 's a shame that shannon could n't showcase his enormous talent in the proper arena. . 
camera pos 725.txt this camera is very similar to the fuji f30 , but has face detection ( fd ) that autofocuses on faces in a photo . great for taking pictures of yourself , or for snapshots you do n't have time to compose . excellent quality photos in dim light . at 3200 iso , photos are washed out and noisy , but still good for capturing an image you would otherwise miss . option to limit iso to 1600 , or to 400. camera will use any speed up to the limit . 400 iso is extremely good . as good as my canon digital rebel xti . usual modes i never use ( flower , landscape , etc. ) , but one unique mode i use all the time : no flash / flash . the camera takes a picture without flash up to 3200 iso , and then takes a picture with flash immediately after . usually takes less than one second to capture both images . no flash does n't surprise anyone and ruin the candid shot , while the following flash guarantees you 'll get the image , even if the " warm glow of candlelight " is ruined . i always have the camera set to this mode . uses xd cards , which i hate , but if you buy a 1 gb card you 'll be able to take 400 - 500 photos without ever needing to change the card . also , battery life is unbelieveable ! fully charge the camera over several hours , and you 'll be able to take 400 photos , half with flash , before the battery is drained . fuji-brand underwater housing is optional , watertight to 40m ( 121 ft . ) camera comes with underwater setting to intensify non-blue colours , and still keep the intense blue of the water . literally *every* diver should have one of these cameras . i recommend this camera without hesitation . there simply is n't anything else like it on the market . 
camera pos 818.txt i was very happy with the product . it serves me well . fast delivery , good service by the vender . i got the project done and it will serve me well on into the future . great travel storage case , heavy plastic unit . good quality light stands 
music neg 487.txt for fans , i suppose this would be a rather big delight ; for non-fans , it 's nothing that will turn you on to the band from jersey . they had some okay , cheesy hits in the ' 80s - but listening to some of their modern songs from this collection proves how completely out of touch they are nowadays 
camera neg 662.txt i received pandigital 7 " photo frame ( dpf70-2 ) as a christmas gift and have n't been able to get the sd card slot to function . when connecting to the pc via usb cable it tells me the removable device needs to be formatted . windows attempts to format the card and fails . i 'm able to format the card with a usb card reader and copy pictures to the sd card ok . when i insert the sd card into the photo frame is does n't display any of the pictures , just a blue frame around the picture location . i contacted pandigital tech support via 800# and never received a call back so i sent them an email . i received email response back after several days . they had me try several things to resolve the issue ; this troubleshooting process went on for more than week to no avail . they eventually acknowledged the photo frame appeared defective , when i asked to exchange the photo frame ( taking advantage of the 90 day warranty advertised on their site ) , they told me to return it to the store it was purchased . i do not consider this very good customer service ; i would not recommend this product . 
music neg 821.txt i had reviewed the first edition of b'day and i personally called it " business day " because beyonc could not offer what we could expect from her especially after the highly acclaimed dangerously in love . actually , in my opinion if ne-yo had not inserted irreplaceable " in this project , it could have been a bust . i agree dj-vu and beautiful liar were hits but i give the credit to the casting rather than the script . had these songs been given to india arie , god knows what was gonna happen ! how can she accept to put out such a poor album ? some said beyonc views releasing albums in quick succession as a means of ejecting herself from her contractual obligations to sony columbia and team up with jay-z to form a new record label.. . but this cannot justify such an inconsistent and poor album . ne-yo confessed that the r&b genre is suffering from serious malaise . " people just forgot what it was supposed to be , what it was supposed to feel like , the essence of what it is , " he says forcefully . " it 's a vibe , it 's a feeling - - it 's supposed to make you feel something , as opposed to , ` let me go eeh-eeh-eeh-eeh-eeh and put a beat behind it and see if people will dance to it . ' come on man . there 's more to it than that.. . " ring the alarm from b'day falls in the same category . i read a reviewer who proclaimed b'day to be the best he 's ever had and this is like saying george bush is the best president america has ever had.. . does this person know the beatles , stevie wonder or aretha franklin ? i suggest him to go back to the stores and get one of their albums and he will then be able to differentiate between music and marketing . i suggest the same reviewer to get albums called what 's going on ' ( marvin gaye ) , purple rain ( prince ) , the day ( babyface ) , or even the recent let 's get lifted ( john legend ) . it is very sad to see artists ( especially hip-hop ) concentrating on making hits , shooting sexy videos with the major target being going platinum and most of the time i find it better to buy the single and not the entire album since they all are full of fillers . what follows is that after a few months we completely trash their records . africa is the world 's second-largest and second most-populous continent with 900 million people . maybe if the same guys had a purchasing power which exceeds latino market , beyonc would be realising another edition in swahili which is the most widely spoken language in africa and she would be arguing she 's had a great love for african culture ever since she was a child pretending she 's coming back to the roots . anyway , let 's not be fooled by these music industry games , their aim is to make money and this entails ignoring the basic artistic aspects . i agree bootylicious beyonce is the hottest lady in the music scene at the moment and none has denied her natural talent as a singer but she needs to refine her albums and give us s.th that can reach our soul . there are some female artists who are making good music without injecting too much cash in marketing to force sales : corrine bailey rae and heather headley 
music neg 146.txt im not surprised that this album is garbage because fiddy has been putting out trash lately ( think tony gayo ) . there are no standout tracks and prodigy doesnt even rhyme anymore . all prodigy does is spit run-on sentences throughout every track and havoc sounds like he 's just there to be there . amerikaz nightmare was a sign that it was over for them . did we really have to hear this one to see that ? if you are a mobb deep fan buy every album before amerikaz nightmre and keep it moving 
camera neg 648.txt i received the lens adapter but there was no info on how to use it . it screws in over the regular zoom lens but offers absolutely nothing to the use of the kodak dx6490. i suspect there are additional filters or other accessories that might make the adapter useful and hope to find out what they may be in the near future . the lens adapter by itself , does n't seem to add anything to the use of the camera without something else ? ? ? ben boykin , las cruces , nm 8801 
music pos 760.txt bought this cd for my daughter , a new bill withers fan and she loved the whole collection ! it 's a great compilation of classic bill withers music 
camera neg 197.txt the charger unit or the batteries ( or both ) do n't work right : i use the batteries one at a time , in rotation to power my zen mp3 player . sometimes i put discharged batteries in the charger , plug it in , the light blinks red , then goes off . only supposed to show either red ( discharged , charging ) or green ( fully charged . ) this morning 3 batteries show fully charged , i take one out , it is discharged . all these problems happened with a first unit , i returned it to monster and after they took their sweet time , got a replacement which works just as erratically . monster 's stuff looks good , but it is the last time i am going to buy their brand 
camera neg 388.txt this is an awesome little camera . except that you ca n't use it at night ! there are horrible white spots in nighttime photos when the flash is used . apparently these appear because the flash is so close to the lens in this camera , and so dust reflects badly . it 's a known problem [...] also , it 's totally annoying that sony uses all their proprietary technology . as a result , the cable for connecting this camera to the computer is unwieldly ( uhh , have you heard of usb ? ? ! ! ) , and you have to buy a sony memory stick , which probably wo n't work with anything else you have . on the flipside , you can take movies that are n't limited to 30 seconds with this guy - i think that might be a result of the memory stick technology . but other than that , the design and operation of this little guy seems pretty slick . the lens is not one of those that pops out , so not sure if that affects image quality at all , but as far as i could tell , quality was good . in the end , what good is a camera that ca n't take usable pictures with its flash ? ? 
music neg 587.txt there 's nothing outrageous about the title song - it 's a lame , mind-numbing piece of crap compared to many other songs found on the " in the zone " album : imagine " breathe on me " , " touch of my hand " or " shadow " on constant radio play or running on mtv . and no , we 're not apparently going to have that because britney 's precious time was wasted in incorporating this bore of a song into a single and even attempting a video out of it , like we know ended up in britney 's injury . for nothing . fortunately for this single , it 's got the already legendary " toxic " and a marvelous vocal mix version of " everytime " - another star for that . 
music neg 342.txt i never could understand why the beatles are so popular ? they are pretty boring too just like pink floyd . each and every song on this album can put me to sleep in about 55 seconds . i just dont like it because it sucks ! dont listen to the moronic 5 star reviewers below . the beatles only made one good album and that 's the one which contains ballad of john and yoko , hey jude . 
camera pos 442.txt excellent quality / price / speed of delivery.. . works as expected.. . would definately buy again , from this vendor , if the need ever arose . 
music neg 714.txt i like a little bit of it , doesent mean its good , i wont throw it away or anything , ill just let it sift...wait...and look at the album cover most of the time . slayer is getting better though 
music neg 660.txt this tribute was announced almost ten years ago , and it seems to have undergone a transformation since then . to be fair , there are some interesting additions such as the sufjan stevens and brad mehldau tracks . and emmylou harris is brilliant . but sarah mclachlan 's " blue " has been heard before as has prince 's " a case of you . " earlier reports indicated contributions from heaviweights like steely dan and lindsey buckingham . i sure would like to have heard what they would have done . even more disappointing is that joni 's hejira-mingus era albums are mostly ignored - and that was her best music , in my opinion . as a final indignity , it sounds to me that too much compression was added in the mastering phase , and hence the overall sound quality of the cd is lacking in dynamics . 
music pos 123.txt hey bret is one of the most tallented song writers of our time ! he will be in the rock n ' roll hall of fame when he is done and his guitar playin ' and singin ' is very underrated ! buy this 
camera neg 274.txt i have to say i am very disappointed with this camera . i had really high hopes for this one . i waited for the hd2 to come out and when i saw a lot of positive reviews i bought one , i should have waited . for sanyo to call this an hd camera does n't make sense . the picture has more grain and noise then my old high 8 camera . outdoors in bright light the camera is ok . low-light is horrible pros : - nice form factor , love the look and feel and it 's so tiny it fits in your pocket . very portable and something you can take anywhere . - secure digital cards are great , can transfer and edit on the computer quickly - still pictures are pretty good . although still digital cameras are better . - hdmi output can plug directly into your hdtv ( although if you are used to watching things in hd you will be disappointed ) cons : - indoor and low light situations very grainy , even with the high sensitivity button . - do n't attempt to take still shots while you are filming , it works but when you watch the film you hear loud noises and the shot pauses for 2 or 3 seconds and then continues . very cheesy . - you can hear the data being written to the secured digital card on the video which is annoying . i thought sd was supposed to minimize noise . - watching the playback of movement with this makes me dizzy , not even fast movement either . - image stabilization is not that great either compared to other cameras i have used . - audio sounds a bit tinny in my opinion this camera is geared for portability and being able to capture moments quickly as this is something you can always carry with you . if you are n't too concerned with quality picture it 's probably fine . i really think sanyo has a great concept and one day this could be the end all be all device . for now it should come with a warning of it 's limitations . i am not saying it 's total garbage , but if you have high hopes like i did , you will be disappointed . 
camera pos 112.txt my sony dscw100 camera is small but very functional and user friendly , it makes photography an easy and interesting hobby . 
music neg 710.txt i have followed bruce hornsby for over 20 years and own every album he has ever come out with including two concert dvds . i was reluctant to buy intersections due to owning all the other , but if you have been to hornsby concert you know that he always keeos things fresh..no exception here . i loved the dvd of some of his performances . there are treasures here , imagine , solo on the piano at an awards show , the star spangled banner at the world series with marsalis , and his performance with bb king.it is a must for the hard core hornsby fan 
music neg 909.txt this album is not what i call a album first 4 trackz are the tightest with the tightest beats . best track on here is & quot ; i practice looking hard&quot ; probably one of the best trackz he eva made in his whole career i love that song but otha than that & quot ; captain save a hoe&quot ; and & quot ; mail man&quot ; are a discrace . he shouldnt have even made this cd until he got more track 
camera neg 151.txt the camera takes good pictures as long as you have a steady hand . some pictures come out dark and some shadows on pictures . some pictures come out blurry - no stabalizer . this camera 's randomly broke after about 1 year and i did not drop the camera ( just like another reviewer ) . i bought a sony pda and the same thing happened to that lcd - randomly broke - has a crack across the lcd . of course , sony said it was my fault and that i must have done something to it and refused to honor the warranty on that pda - after 1 month ? since the camera was out of warranty , i knew there was nothing they were going to do . so if you want a decent camera with lousy customer service to support it - go for it ! but if you want a great camera and a great company to support their products , look elsewhere . i used to be a great financial supporter of sony products - monitors , computers , camcorder , memory sticks , etc. i am not buying anymore sony products - i have lost the love for sony and their products ! beware ! canon , here i come ! 
dvd neg 354.txt i had higher expectations when i purchased this dvd . i was not disappointed technically but i was extremely disappointed with the acting as a whole and with the uneven singing of rachel york . she could n't seem to decide whether she wanted a pop , jazz , or traditional musical theatre sound . her voice was all over the place . furthermore , i found her character very annoying...she was screechy and not at all vunerable . i preferred kathryn grayson 's performance in the movie as she managed to be vunerable , witty , and charming , as well as screechy , demanding , and somewhat tyrannical . truly , i could barely watch this entire video and at the end i could have cared less if fred and lilli got together . i think that was the most powerful statement for me . the production was acted ( or directed ) with a lot of mugging and so much of it was over the top . can today 's directors please leave something for the audience to think about and figure out themselves ? everything need not be a commentary ! i wish i had seen marin mazzie because i heard she was incredible . rent this before buying it or better yet do what i did and buy it used . it hardly cost anything and that is what is it worth 
music neg 901.txt i 've owned this cd , but did n't keep it for very long because it 's too poppy and slick for my tastes . i guess when about 1981 came around billy just wanted to distance himself from the brilliance of his 70 's style , and on this offering , he kind of wanted a 50 's or 60 's kind of sound . this stuff is just to slick for this hombre . he never made a solid album , after the release of glass houses , in about 1980. this is the kind of stuff that yuppies rave about , but if you 've got some integrity , you 'll probably want to steer clear of this one , and buy anything he recorded in the 70 's 
dvd pos 41.txt brando can sing ! ! guys and dolls is proof . one of the all time great musicals and the biggest box office hit of 1955 , has brando as the main lead and he is ably supported by the voice - sinatra . now only a mad man will say that brando is a better singer than sinatra , but to give brando his due he sang well and carried of the role brilliantly...like wise only a mad man will say sinatra is a better actor than brando . guys and dolls is a very important film in brando 's career . it is the first light hearted movie he made . all his movies before this were heavy dramatic stuff . this is the first movie where brando is having fun and what fun it was . great songs , great acting and great stars...guys and dolls is 4 star entertainment all the way . brando and simmons along with sinatra and blaine are amazing . 
camera pos 81.txt this is a great camera that takes the place of an earlier canon digital elph that i lost several years ago . the 7.1 megapixels ensures great quality and the 3x zoom provides crisp clear pictures . in fact the digital zoom also works great - just make sure the camera is steady ( i purchased a nice compact monopod and the results were awesome ) . although the image stabilization feature on the newer models would have been great to have , you ca n't beat the price and overall quality of this camera and the pictures it takes . the canon sd500 is a great little camera 
music neg 776.txt i do n't even own this cd , and after seeing the reviews i do n't want it . 90% of the " 5 star " reviews are people with only one review . suspicious ? ? look for yourself , it 's right there to see . i have some other meditation cds that are very repetitive , i 'm not going to make the same mistake here , especially with such shameless self-promotion 
camera pos 792.txt upgrading to the tz3 from a 4yr old canon 3.2 megapixel . waited a few months to purchase when i heard the tz1 was being updated . with the tz3 , panasonic has fixed the main complaints about the tz1 which were : no build in lens cover , noisy images at higher iso speeds . imo , the build in lens cover alone is wirth the price permium over the tz1. as others have said , this camera has a great build quality , easy operation , and a high-quality look . i ordered the black model and was pleasantly surprised when i opened the box . it has the look of a retro 35mm cartridge camera , which is cool . the chrome ( or polished stainless steel , cant tell ) , is first rate and looks great with the matte black case . the lcd is huge and bright . the camera 's " simple mode " does a great job the the other modes are fully customizable . the zoom is fantastic , but you need a really steady hand at full zoom , even with optical stabilization turned on . i did take some surprisingly sharp shots zoomed way in from my car as i came across a herd of deer . shot to shot speed is really great , unless you are using the flash . the red-eye reduction works better than any other digital camera i have used . overall , i am extremely pleased . if you are looking for a great zoom camera in a small form factor , you should seriously consider the dmc-tz3 
music pos 839.txt their 4th album as a complete group ( not counting the few album havoc & prode'je put out ) is my least favorite of the 4 scc albums i have ( i do n't have the one from 1992 or 2005 ) , but it still gets itself a 4 star rating . out of the 13 songs on here none are vclassics or worth skipping ; 4 are ok and the other 9 are good . like all their albums , guests are minimal and are on are on 2 of the 13 songs . production is mostly handled by prode'je ( as with all their albums ) he does get a little help from robert " fonksta " bacon & tomie mundie . a good album to have for scc fans but not their best work . #1 - 8 #2 - 8 #3 - 7.5 #4 - 7.5 #5 - 7 #6 - 8 #7 - 8.5 ( f / c-bo , spice 1 , prophet - -- - also on their " gangsta conversation " album ) #8 - 9 ( f / daz dillinger - - - good beat ) #9 - 8 #10 - 9 ( good beat , deeper song - - my favorite on here ) #11 - 8 #12 - 8 ( another deeper song ) #13 - 7.5 scc is - - - havikk , prode'je , havoc , l.v. , dj gripp , dj kaos check all my review 
camera pos 656.txt i stumbled across this little gem by accident . i was picking up supplies at office depot and they had a kodak z650 ( display model ) on sale for under $100. it was a ridiculous impulse buy- -i already own 4 digital cameras ... the last thing i needed was another camera ! but what a delighful suprise this camera turned out to be ! it 's come the closest to rivaling the image quality of my old olympus c-740. i had never seriously looked at kodak cameras ... i always steered clear of them based on bad press and negative comments about them from my friends who are " serious " photographers . but i could n't be happier with this little bargain ... it basically serves the need i wanted to fill - - a 6mp camera that takes the kind of quality shots i was used to with my c-740. there are a few negatives in that it can be a little slow in processing the shots , but there is very little shutter-lag when taking the shots . i 've gotten some amazing birds-in-flight shots with it- -something i 've never been able to accomplish with any of my other cameras , including the c-740. some low-contrast shots come out a bit noisy , but for the most part the shots are very crisp and sharp . it handles low-light settings better than any of the others in this class that i 've tried . at less than a third of the price of my canon s2-is , this little camera outclasses the others by a mile . i stumbled on to a good find in the z650 ... it 's not going to give you dlsr quality photos , but no point-and-shoot will . this camera is perfect for any one who likes to take great outdoor and wildlife shots . i just wish someone would have given a good report on kodak cameras before i spent a small fortune on the others 
music neg 439.txt i bought this cd after having seen ken burns ' special on pbs . the energy that came through on screen in the benny goodman segments does n't really come through in this cd . artie shaw said that benny goodman was too much of a perfectionist to take risks and so his music languished in predictability . that shows in this collection . afterall , where would jazz be if jazz musicians did n't take risks 
camera neg 135.txt ok , i imagine if you forked over the $900 for this baby you would not want me telling you that you got a bad deal , but i am going to say it anyway . this little baby is way over priced , not to mention you need a lot more than just this to make it work . you need a wireless router ! ! so rather than just complain , let me tell you what i want canon to do about it and maybe we can start a revolution ! with cf cards in the 12gb range it does n't make sense that you would need this for capacity reasons ( i know those of you with the biggest and brightes 16mp that shoot in jpeg & raw on the highest settings just laughed at me ) , however where this item is worth it is if you want to immediately see your shots on a big screen or computer without having to take the shot , take out the card , etc. what i want is a bluetooth compact flash card . they make these so i know it is possible . i would like canon to offer support for these compact flash cards so that i can immediately sync my bluetooth computer with my bluetooth camera . now that would make it so that when i am in the studio or shooting a wedding , i have the mobility 30 feet - 90 feet depending on card and i do n't have to drag along a wireless router and i saved myself $700. get to it canon - i am waiting ! ! ! 
music pos 34.txt i picked this up in a bootleg store in korea a few years back , since it was cheap , and i had loved the movie ( perhaps more so than any other of mallicks 's others , even - speaking of which , if you get a chance to see badlands on the big screen , do yourself a huge favour and do so ) . as i recall , i did n't really enjoy it on first listen . but then , somehow , i got sucked in . almost as much as the film itself , this is a hypnotic , haunting slice of poetry . nothing happens for about a minute , and then it builds and builds . unforgettable , otherwordly and quite beguiling . the structure of the soundtrack ( especially the songs toward the end featuring polynesian gospel-style singing ) is strongly reminiscent of the mike oldfield cd , ' songs of distant earth' . highly recommended , but do give it a couple of listens , because it might take a while to make its charms felt 
music neg 60.txt i have not heard of or listened to , this cd series , but from the sound of it , its all bad interpretations of popular music . i just want to say that if you want your kids to listen to music and you want to steer clear of the bad stuff.. . play classical music . play stuff without lyrics . play a show on tv where the characters sing . do anything but , buy a cd where people that are n't the original artists sing songs that were never intended to be for kids in the first place . censoring a song or cutting lyrics tends to ruin that song . there are just some songs that are n't good for kids even if you cut out all the bad words . think about this.. . do you really want your kids coming up to you later in their life after hearing the real version of a song and asking you why the song they heard as a kid is so different from the one they just heard on the radio and then having to explain to them that the song they heard as a kid was a clean version of the song ? listen.. . i 'm all for trying to keep your kids away from inappropriate stuff for as long as possible , but cds like this are not the way to go . all they do is make kids think that all music is going to sound just like the music on the cds and when they finally hear the real stuff , they 're gonna be asking questions . do them and yourself a favor and do n't buy these cds 
music neg 883.txt this album had two good songs at the most . ralph was good with new edition . it 's apparently obvious that he ca n't stand alone . bobby should have been the lead for new edition . then we may never have seen this terrible album . ralph is n't that good of a singer . this shows that just because your the lead singer in a group does n't mean you are the best . ralph is miles behind bobby 
camera pos 542.txt i had this camera for 6 months and so far there have been no problems . the only flaw is that it dosent have a long battery time . it takes good pictures and short videos 
camera neg 332.txt not worth the $10 i paid especially when i had to spend $7 to ship it ! ! 
camera neg 156.txt i bought it for my 18-55 ef-s , and it looks like it is not very efficient - but i guess it is normal for a 18mm ( x 1.6 ) . i would have prefered a " tulip " design like those of sigma 
music pos 79.txt i got what i wanted in the time frame promised...the way it 's supposed to work 
software pos 308.txt i had read a lot of reviews ( here and elsewhere ) warning of final cut 's massive learning curve , and i do believe that helped soften the blow when i first tried this program . because there definitely is a learning curve- -this is far more complex than imovie . but , the good news is , it 's not beyond the newbie 's reach ! i 'm such a newbie with anything video , it 's pitiful . i have only made two or three small movies in imovie , and they were n't very sophisticated . i mostly just tinkered around . but , being the fool that i am , i decided that i wanted to get final cut express to go along with the new camcorder i had just purchased . because i was prepared to have to re-learn ( or struggle ) at first with final cut , i had purchased a book ( for version 2 of fce , which was perfectly suitable ) . armed with my book and limited expectations , i set about trying to make a fun little " music video " ( using video clips and still pictures ) . amazingly enough , i learned how to do the " ken burns effect " with the pictures , make transitions from one clip to the next , edit the sound so that one track would predominate for part of the video , then fade out for other parts . and i was able to fix the video clips ( zoom in , lighten , change aspect ratio ) . and then i added titles with livetext . all this in the first two days of using final cut ! sure , the little video i made was no award-winner , but it was actually a servicable , fun little project that i was n't too ashamed to show my friends . ( another thing about fixing the aspect ratio of one of the video clips- -there was this one clip that seemed resistent to any tweaking or adjusting that i tried with it . i had used multiple programs to try to resize it to the correct dimensions , but something always went wrong . either the picture quality degraded terribly , or else the corrected dimensions did n't " stick " and it bounced back to being distorted . nothing worked- -until final cut . i 'm sure that other programs could have done the same thing , but i tried so many , and failed . so that was another thing that impressed me ! ) i know there 's a whole lot more to learn about final cut , and i certainly do n't anticipate that i 'll become a master at it . but it does offer *a lot* more flexibility than imovie , and it is definitely a lot of fun . the right way to approach it is , i believe , to start small , expect baby steps at first , have fun , and get a book ! a book is absolutely essential . if you are an impatient soul who expects perfection the first day , this is not the application for you . because you learn to " do it manually , " you have much more control- -but it takes time to learn it all . oh , a note about hardware : i made my first little video on a 1.25 ghz g4 mac mini with 512 megs of ram . it was n't a speed demon by any means , but because my video was short ( about 2 minutes ) , it really was n't too painfully slow most of the time ( except for rendering , but i guess that was going to be slow anyway ) . i have since upgraded the mini to 1 gb of ram , and *everything* is snappier , so i highly recommend it . but it 's good to know that even a little mac mini with less-than-impressive ram can work in fce . 
camera pos 949.txt for $14.00 , you should get this sleek little package to protect your camera and battery / accessories . if you 've ever accidentally dropped an expensive camera , you know just what i 'm talking about . it 's nice looking as well 
music neg 744.txt i like to have natural sounds or some type of ' yoga style ' music while i 'm either practicing yoga or just trying to relax . this cd just did n't fit . there are a few ok ' songs ' but the rest of it is either too fast / upbeat or there 's too much talking / chanting . i found myself distracted when i put this cd on 
music neg 38.txt if any kid music annoys you , this cd is not for you . these are good old classic songs , but almost ruined with strange styles and irrelevant talking to intro the songs . i 'm throwing it away . i want my two-year-old to know the songs i know and love , but this was a bad buy on my part . 
dvd neg 604.txt 2 1 / 2 stars . this is a very good concert teaming up a pre - " grammy " santana with wayne shorter of weather report fame . great rhythm section , drums , conga , timbale . top notch musicians , first rate performance , very entertaining . my big problem comes with the quality of the dvd . i do n't see the excellent picture others are raving about and when it comes to the audio options even if the back cover states dd 2.0 , dd 5.1 and dts , the menus are showing something else ( dd2.0 , dts 2.0 and dts 5.1 ) but neither dts stream seem to be working . only dd stereo works . i own close to 200 dvd 's and all work fine , dts and all . bought it directly from amazon , i had it replaced and the new one is the same . this is not part of the great live at montreux series productions which are all great , no matter how old the concert is . so the 2 1 / 2 stars overall rating comes from 4 star performance combined with a 1 star dvd quality . 
camera pos 479.txt ok.. . i do n't know who reviews batteries but this one is pretty good . 
camera neg 912.txt if you are looking to take high quality pictures , then look elsewhere . it is nice for taking quick snapshots with the family or what-have-you , but not much else . ( or for a beginner in photography or a child . ) you have to hold very still if you do n't want your pictures to come out blurry . also , the flash makes images far too bright and if you do n't use the flash it sometimes makes images come out far too dark . the only thing i like about this camera is it 's size . it 's great to just keep in your pocket or your bag.. . anyway , i 'm buying a better one soon 
camera neg 674.txt i have tried everything . firewire , usb . there was an insert in the guide that mentioned that you have to connect the cable first to your pc then to your camera , then turn on the pc then turn on the camera...then wait for the stars to align in the right order . if you do anything in a different order then your camera can get damaged . what kind of a crazy world does panasonic live in ? well , i followed the instructions to the tee , downloded the right drivers and all and yet my pc does not recognize the gs19 or the gs9. i have used both . the gs19 is a new purchase so this is definitely going back . i thought , this model would have gone away with the kinks but , no ! so , my panasonic recorded dvs are gonna remain on the tape . i will never be able to put them on dvds . what a joke , this camera turned out to be 
dvd neg 226.txt i was hoping that " socermania " would be on the " extreme sports fun " dvd but no ! instead disney had to put on all of the same cartoons that were released on the " disney treasures " this also goes for the other two dvd 's extreme music and adventure fun , allthough ' pluto 's blue note ' , ' donald 's dilemma ' ' no sail ' ' old sequoia ' and ' trailer horn ' are on dvd for the first time but with the new disney treasures " disney rarities " and " the chronological donald volume 2 " ( which might i add could use a lot of improvment on the restoration ) who needs these dvds , so i suggest not to buy these cheap dvd 's and buy the treasures in spite of the bad restoration 
camera pos 148.txt am very pleased with all aspects of the camera except one . i do not like that the viewfinder is no longer operational once you flip open the lcd screen . sometimes i like to verify my shot with both 
camera pos 154.txt the previous review is not completely correct . the problem is not with the product but with the description what amazon.com put up for the canon cpm-e3 battery magazine . it is a battery magazine for the canon compact battery pack cp-e3 and not for the camera battery grip . i think the product itself is a great thing , it lets you switch the whole magazine with 8 preloaded batteries instead replacing the batteries in the canon compact battery pack cp-e3. the previous reviewer should not judge a product by the incorrect infromation given by a retailer 
music pos 419.txt sony / legacy does a fine job with this compilation , but it could 've been much better imo ! ! here 's what i did to improve this cd ( fans can do the same thing ! ! there 's enough cd space available ! ) ... include the full length vesrion of ' encore ' ( the single mix has to go ! ) , and add the following rare bonus tracks.. . 16. ' at last you 're mine ' ( fr . 'heavenly bodies ' sdtk 1985 ) 17. ' steppin ' into the night ' ( fr . 'armed & dangerous ' sdtk 1986 ) . the single version of ' got to be real ' is fine because it includes cheryl 's trademark " soo-hoo , soo-hoo " vocal break that 's absent on the longer album version . all in all , i 'd recommend this cd to anybody that wants the best cheryl lynn compilation , but serious fans will want more ! ! ' the best of cheryl lynn , vol.2 ' has been long overdue for years , but you may have to make that one yourself until rhino does the job ! peace , sd ( of ' chaka 's world ' ) 
camera pos 843.txt i see a lot of people have had trouble tracking baseballs with this thing . i 've owned one for 3 years and it works pretty well . i will give some tips on it : ! ! ! if you throw at a respectable speed , and do n't follow the correct procedure it will not work - there will be no reading ! ! 1 ) do n't stand behind a metal fence . the chain links with the plastic coating over them will work , but for whatever reason exposed metal interferes with the signal . 2 ) the focus beam of the radar gun is very narrow . the whole idea is to keep the beam on the ball as long as possible . just having the ball pass through the radar beam is not enough . you need to keep the beam on the ball for practically the whole pitch . 3 ) use rechargable batteries.. . and this is n't to save money . some of the better energizer rechargable are high amperage , 1350 ma and up . the gun tends to respond better to this , as its pretty power hungry . you will get more consistant readings with better batteries . non-rechargable batteries cannot provide the same level of current ( usually 850 ma or less ) , which seem to effect the gun . so , how would you properly use the gun ? one way is to stand behind the mound as the pitcher throws . forget about using it during a game , behind the backstop . it wont work . try line up the pitchers release point and the plate , then situate your gun so that it fires on this imaginary line ( connecting pitchers hand and the target . you may have to slightly change the angle of the gun to track the pitch , which can be slightly tricky . follow the ball with the gun as long as you can . for a sure fire way to clock a throw , get a cheap net and stand behind it . you will register it every time . you will also have the most accurate reading 
dvd pos 968.txt i would argue that since we really have n't evolved all that far since our primate days human males still have loads of aggression and animalistic behavior they need to get out . and despite the best efforts from civilization in general to neuter them that aggression still has to go someplace . in mary harron 's " american psycho " it comes out in all the wrong places . the film is a character study of one patrick bateman ( christian bale ) , a wall street yuppie by day and an ax murderer by night . patrick is a man who has been forced to the edge because of the fakeness that surrounds him . it 's not just the suits and the empty conversations either . it is the peeing contests over who has the best haircut or apartment or business card . he tries to talk about his problems , he really does , but nobody listens to him because nobody listens period . to their ears " murders and executions " is interchangeable with " mergers and acquisitions . " the film is a big punch in the face to the egotistical businessmen of the 1980's . this particular gordon gekko is overdone and overacted by christian bale in a great performance . he is robotic , phony , arrogant and absurd . he is the kind of guy who will have a 3 some with prostitutes just so that he can admire himself in the mirror doing so ( all the while flexing his biceps ) . more than anything he is militantly materialistic . he is dexter mixed with jim profit , only he likes to style and profile while taking an ax to a co-workers head . the whole point , which is made clear in the final scene , is that while these people may truly believe that only the glossy veneer matters it is really the inside that counts . just because these people make enough cash to swim in , scrooge mcduck style , does n't mean that their behavior is excusable . harron paints the modern businessman as an american psycho , and it is all too fitting . to make it in the business world your conscious and your soul must be turned off , you must be turned into patrick bateman . the film is a great success . as a horror movie villain patrick has one of the most compelling backstories ever . every scene has great energy to it and even though bale looks a little out of place his acting is so good you ca n't stop watching him . there is something of a conflict presented when willem dafoe shows up to play a detective on the case of one of patrick 's murders . that storyline is interesting while it lasts , but it is never quite wrapped up . i would also admit that after awhile i got a little sick of swimming in these debaucherous waters . he may never tire of having it dirty and bloody but i eventually did . the character is endlessly fascinating ( what is up with his love of cheesy 80 's music ? ) and the scene where he kills paul allen will leave you stunned and hypnotized . the male need for aggression is n't going anyplace and we need to find a good way to channel it . . .otherwise we are going to have a lot more patrick bateman 's and iraq wars on our hands . ***3 / 
camera neg 139.txt i bought this battery as a replacement for an old canon bp511a . it lasted about a couple of months before it started not taking a charge . complete waste of money 
music pos 298.txt i 'm only giving this 5 stars because the actual recordings are priceless . however i 'm telling you now . do not buy this album this is stolen goods and the recordings that are on this cd are not even of the finest quality . this is purely a commercial album released by the record company without the permission of jack off jill 's members . and thus they recieve no royalties for the selling of this album . fear not though . you can get the tracks off this album completely free and in better quality . agent moulder of jack off jill has remastered and released them on her website for your downloading pleasure . you can find them here : t-c-r.net / jojmusic while you are there check out and support her new band tcr , and their new album ' the chrome recordings' . singer jessicka also has an amazing new band if you did n't already know . check her and scarling . out at scarling.com god bless jack off jill . 
camera neg 531.txt return ? ha ha ! ! ! you must email them for permission . they do n't provide the email address . i have spent untold hours trying to get them to respond . they will do everything to avoid returns . and amazon just looks the other way . do n't do it ! 
dvd neg 676.txt i am from australia and received these in the post and promptly returned them to amazon . is a complete season of baywatch really baywatch when the seasons are labeled incorrectly , the music and theme song have been changed and episodes are missing ? i do n't think so . not only have the distributors done fans no favours but amazon have incorrectly labeled the cast . on the amazon website as part of advertising for season 1 they have incorrectly labeled it . if you go by the cast that amazon have put on , you would think that it was the real original season 1 , when we know it is not . the release in the uk , which is out now and the upcoming release in australia on march 14th is the real deal . season 1 is the real season 1 and all subsequent seasons are correct . there are no episodes missing and the original music and theme song are intact . might wanna try those regions to buy the real deal . aaro 
dvd neg 290.txt the only good thing in this movie was ms. howard 's performance , she is innocent and believable . i ca n't understand how good actors like weaver , hurt , and phoenix would let themselves be wasted on this . the ' plain ' dialogue among the ' elders ' is painfully numbing , choppy , and stilted . and the directing drove me crazy , especially since m. night...insists on filming group scenes as is he was just passing through , or following them without ever bothering with close-ups . these scenes make me feel like they were done by an amateur filmmaker with a his first video camera . if you like the back of william hurt 's head , you 'll get plenty of it in this film , the camera seems to avoid his face like the plague ; which is too bad , since when he finally has a good speech , we are deprived of the anger i imagine was in his eyes . i agree with others , i would have worked better as a 30 minute twilight zone episode . rent it first before you buy , and save some money for a classic thriller , like psycho 
music pos 790.txt what can be said about this album ? this is one of those albums that re-invigorates your faith / enthusiasm in music ( those who listen to a lot of albums know what i mean ) . some tracks from here were most famously covered by nirvana on their unplugged album , although pained i do n't think cobain quite got the feel that kirkwood gives to these songs . it has a perfect blend of songs that make you want to almost hoe-down and those that you can just reflect on and chill out . particular stand outs on this album are split myself in two , magic toy missing , aurora borealis and the whistling song . this album does take some growing as kirkwood 's voice is abrasive , but this is an album that will truly make you love music . do try it , you wo n't be disappointed . 
camera pos 662.txt i was really happy with the telescope - it was a good buy too . i bought one for a friend als 
camera pos 132.txt xti is feature laden , but takes fantastic " point and shoot " photos . seems to be a significant improvement on canon 's rebel xt , a wonderful camera . for the money , the best slr going 
music neg 209.txt great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks 
music neg 102.txt very possibly the worst cd i have ever heard in my life . i could barely force myself to listen until the last song was blissfully over . this is not music . it is stupid noise ! 
dvd pos 294.txt you want the greatest zombie film ever made in the most deluxe version dvd possible today ? buy this set today , as it includes 3 versions of the film , including argento 's take on the film , known as zombi : dawn of the dead . dawn of the dead has that 79 feel , with wide camera shots that allow the characters to breathe , unlike so many modern horror flicks that smother the stars with endless closeups . the zombie gore is to be noted , as its quite gory near the end of the film and at some parts throughout , but no real feasting occurs till the end , for the ultimate payoff . yes , the zombies are pasty and fresh , since the outbreak has just began , which joins a team of four who struggle to survive in a mall while the world is quickly overtaken in this , dawn of the dead , easily the strongest romero entry , and amongst all zombie films 
music pos 749.txt sweet brazillian jazz piano combined with guaraldi 's 1960 's hit & quot ; cast your fate to the wind . &quot ; throw in a coupla classics like & quot ; since i fell for you&quot ; and & quot ; moon river&quot ; masterfully interpreted by vince and you have the perfect album for unwinding , loving , or waking up 
music pos 918.txt dream is a great album where keller coloboarates with many of his favorite musicians including bob wier , bella fleck , victor wooten and string cheese incident . all the songs are unique and great to sing too while driving or anytime ! 
music pos 152.txt this is a great classic rock cd including some timeless songs . if you like " summer breeze " as much as i do and have not heard the remix of it yet , you are in for a pleasent suprise . a remix album came out in november of 2004 called " what is hip " and in my opinion is the best remix album of 70 's music that i 've ever heard . their version of " summer breeze " is near perfect . a modernized , but not over the top version that manages to preserve the true melody of the song with out removing the original rhythm . the entire album is great too . i have this " greatest hits " and the " what is hip " cd and simply ca n't get enough . here 's a link to the cd . enjoy . http : / / www.amazon.com - - what is hip 
dvd pos 81.txt " above the rim " is an entertaining street drama that focuses around kyle lee watson , an inner-city high school basketball player who shows a lot of promise but lets his own arrogance get the best of him . he wo n't listen to anybody who offers him advice on how to improve his game , as he thinks that he is the best player ever . he 's been hoping that his mad skills are catching a college scout 's attention , but he does catch birdie 's eyes when he plays . birdie is a well known gang leader who offers kyle the good life so long as he plays on his neighborhood team in a " shoot-out " basketball contest that means the world to him . kyle- -being impatient as ever- -agrees to join , not seeing the clear danger that is in front of him . a high school security guard with a past knows the danger that birdie presents , and he is the only who has a chance to get through to kyle before it is too late . not only is this a very good basketball movie , but it is also an intense and character-driven drama centered around the choices that we make in life.. . and how we have to live with them in the long run . the film has some great performances from duane martin , marlon wayans and the late tupac shakur . even though everybody is great in their roles , the showstopper is indeed shakur . he gives a very masterful performance that really sticks out and will stay with you long after the movie is over . my only complaint is the length of the movie . it 's true that a movie that runs a little over an hour and a half is n't short , but i think the story and the characters open more possibilities to add on to the movie . i think more opportunities and risks could have been taken to further enrich the story . still , it is a really good movie that did n't disappoint me . the dvd does n't have a whole lot to offer . you can either watch the movie in widescreen or in fullscreen , depending on your preference . the movie looks and sounds very good . the only special features that are offered are movie trailers , and those are n't even that great . i would 've loved it if they included the music video , " regulate " by warren g and nate dogg . in fact , given some of the great rap songs that are in this movie , they could 've included a couple of music videos . it 's not a great dvd , but at least it 's not that expensive . i really enjoyed " above the rim . " it may not be flawless , but it definitely does more right than wrong . the characters are what really dominate the movie . even if you 're not a fan of the game , it 's still something to check out if you 're a fan of character drama . exciting , intense , conflict-driven and full of heart , " above the rim " is a very well done film . -michael cran 
dvd pos 465.txt the star trek collection is a worthy hobby and certainly the largest of the television series dvd collections ( the original series , the next generation , deep space nine , voyager and enterprise ) . at around 1100 minutes per box ( a few hours less than the tos seasons ) we are still looking at approx 30 boxes with 700 hours of viewing . that is 1 month of non-stop star trek . no dvd series comes remotely close to that . get going collecting right now and build up on each succession over the years . by the end you will have a very serious anthology that defines the word awe . this is the kind of item that requires 1 hour a day of your time for the next few years . it is a cherished memory that served your fathers and will serve your children also . our very planet , earth , has advanced because of gene roddenberry 's admirable concept . roddenberry nailed the premise of the series when he said that he wanted to create a show with characters that we could look up too . ` the bridge ' members are like our family . watch what they do . then go and spend your life striving for the same on earth . what engineer , medic , scientist , teacher , worker can not say that star trek has not influenced them ? the show is this significant in the development of our species . even christians respect and quote its authority and it is not hard to see why . the dvd case is not quite as fancy as the tos ( the original series ) cases . the tng case is supposed to resemble a tng crew briefcase . the case opens to reveal the disc booklet inside a sleeve . sliding the disc booklet out of the sleeve and flipping it open reveals a spread of 7 discs . there are 4 episodes per disc . however the last disc , disc 7 , only has two episodes , for a grand total of 26 episodes ( tos has 8 discs , 30 episodes ) . the rest of disc 7 is devoted to star trek interviews and trailers with the usual expected extras...and then some more . the episodes are ordered not in the sequence they where filmed , but in the sequence that they aired , however each episode has been numbered according to the order they where filmed in . this means on one disc you have shows 4 , 2 , 12 and 1 , in that order . the sound has also been remastered to 5:1 dolby digital ! since the show was shot in full frame , these dimensions are retained . star trek , the next generation ( tng ) , season one , had an amazing impact when it was first broadcast . an instant hit and a milestone in television serials ( it ran for 7 seasons unlike its predecessor that ran for 3 ) , its characters and new look enterprise had us glued to the tv with the first computer generated images of our solar system as captain picard utters the immortal words.. . ` to baldly' ... i mean.. . ` to boldly go where no man' ... i mean.. . ` to boldly go where no one has gone before . ' viewing the episodes in the order they where filmed does not show a vision in the shaping as per the tos series but is more of the same again ( even remaking some tos episodes ) , this time with more characters , more action and more special effects . season 1 all of the main characters in the tng series are in episode one , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker , lieutenant / lt. commander geordi la forge , lieutenant tasha yar , lieutenant worf , commander dr. beverly crusher , lt. commander / commander deanna troi , lt. commander data and ensign wesley crusher . only natasha yar quits before the first season is finished . commander dr. beverly crusher is replaced by doctor katherine pulaski for season two . ensign wesley crusher is only sometimes reoccurring after season four . the enterprise itself is beautifully rendered with additional areas such as the holodeck allowing for almost any environment at the users choosing , playing an important function in many episodes . the use of computer generated images ( a ground-breaking television experience back in 1987 ! ) allowed for inspirational subspace sequences , planets , backdrops , an improved bridge main viewer and windows ! advances in makeup effects brought new alien characters to life and allowed an actor to appear as if he where indeed an android . tng season one attempts to relate with tos by reviving similar stories while at the same time adding on additional insights into new and fascinating sci-fi theory while retaining most of the character arcs that made tos so interesting . the stories ( also written by tos 's dc fontana ) are as fresh today as they where in the late 80s , early 90s , when tng first aired . season one of tng is mostly about deities , infections , alien cultures , galactic politics , time travel , alien forces , mind control , family matters , computer malfunctions and starfleet academy . there are also the unforgettable episodes ` encounter at farpoint ' which introduces us to the crew of the enterprise and the mysterious q , ` where no one has gone before ' a wonderful story about travelling the cosmos , ` datalore ' which features two data characters , ` heart of glory ' with some in-depth revelations about klingons , ` skin of evil ' featuring some remarkable effects for its time with a very sad ending , and the classic ` conspiracy ' ( this episode is uncut , which features some violent scenes involving a head explosion edited from some daytime television showings [so parents be cautious] ) about an invasion of the body snatchers type takeover of starfleet . the bottom line for tng : season one is that it will bring back some enormously delightful memories for those who where awe inspired by it when it first came out . although we can debate about which is the better series , tng or tos , we still absolutely adore both . we might miss kirk rolling about the desert scrub with a seven foot man in a rubber reptile costume , but hearing picard saying ` make it so ' just makes our day . season 2 season two , still carries on with repeating much of the stories in tos , revamping them and then adding some new stuff of its own , boosting data 's screen time , bumping up the computer generated graphics to allow for things like shuttlecraft launching and manoeuvres , improved alien cgi and an enhancement in particle effects . they even attempt a type of morphing . most of the main characters from season one are here , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker ( now with a beard ) , lieutenant commander geordi la forge , lieutenant commander worf ( letting his hair grow ) , commander deanna troi ( complete with low-cut red starfleet costume ) , lt. commander data and ensign wesley crusher . however obviously commander lieutenant tasha yar is gone but so is dr. beverly crusher ( who was not bad-looking ) , replaced by doctor katherine pulaski ( who looks like your granny ! ) for season two because dr. crusher has been reassigned to starfleet medical as explained in episode one of season three ( in reality the tng writers where having difficulties in developing crusher 's character , would later reinstate her for season three , dropping pulaski because they felt her character was not working ) . colm meaney as miles edward o'brien , navigation from season one gets more screentime , while the new whoopi goldberg chatacter , guinan , is the wise el aurian bartender in 10 forward , the new bar room where the enterprise crew get to relax . except for this extra area the enterprise itself has not gone undergone much of a revamp and this season is far more enterprise based than season one , or all of tos , meaning season two has less planetary exploration stories which is a bit of a drawback , but sets a new standards in the ` hotel in space ' feel that would produce the ` deep space nine ' series . season two of tng is mostly about alien impregnation , mystery space , ai , the holodeck , interplanetary relations , rapid aging , justice , shape-shifting , time travel , family , the prime directive , kidnapping , cloning , war games and infections . the big plus side to not having that much planetary exploration is that there are lots of stories with klingons and the first encounter with the borg ! the unforgettable episodes are , ` elementary , dear data ' where data takes on his sherlock holmes persona and we are introduced to the moriarty character . ` loud as a whisper ' is about a deaf and dumb peace negotiator . ` a matter of honor ' is where riker serves on a klingon battleship . ` q who ? ' may well be the best episode here because it is the first time we meet the borg . the last episode of season two ` shades of gray ' may be one of the worst star trek episodes ever , which uses riker 's memories from seasons one and two to make up an entire episode and even includes the uncut scenes for the season one episode ` conspiracy ' featuring the violent head explosion edited from some daytime television showings [so parents be cautious again] ) . the bottom line for tng : season two is that for all it shortcomings because of lack of beaming down , we get the borg and lots and lots of klingons . at this stage in the saga we might still miss kirk rolling about the desert scrub with a seven foot man in a rubber reptile costume , but how will picard defeat those assimilating half-man , half-machine entities that are heading his way ? he better " make it so " with season three . season 3 it was the dawn of the 90s and since cgi had undergone some development , the improvements can be seen not only in the new opening sequence , but with better looking planets ( complete with moving gaseous atmospheres ) and major enhancements in particle effects . towards the end it undergoes new model development , lighting and subspace effects of a movie budget look . the crew uniform has changed with a new type of collar . most of the main characters from season two are here , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker ( now with a bigger belly ) , lieutenant commander geordi la forge , lieutenant commander worf ( letting his hair grow even more ) , commander deanna troi ( with more makeup , costume changes and even an aerobics outfit [that really is n't as good as it sounds] ) , lieutenant commander data and ensign wesley crusher ( new hairdo ) . dr. beverly crusher is back ( initially with a terrible hairdo that gets better ) and doctor katherine pulaski has been dropped from the show never to reappear again . pulaski 's disappearance is not officially explained ( in reality diana muldaur was told her character was not working and she was offered a role in l.a. law instead . mcfadden was asked to rejoin the series again ) the crew do act like she has just left because her time was up with dr. crusher making reference to pulaski 's work in episode four . commander lieutenant tasha yar makes a surprise guest appearance for one episode ! dwight schultz ( murdoch from the a-team ) makes his first appearance as lieutenant ` reg ' barkley , who would have a reoccurring role . colm meaney is here again as miles edward o'brien , navigation , does n't have much of a role boost since season two , while the whoopi goldberg 's guinan character of the wise el aurian , the bartender in 10 forward , has her background further developed . season three of tng is mostly about nanotechnology , colonization , super aliens , the prime directive , orphans , ancient space booby traps , romulans , wormholes , peace negotiations , defectors , super humans , terrorism , q , court inquisitions , parallel universes , ai , klingon high councils , captivity experiments , time travellers , biological space crafts , morale , the first law of robotics , vulcans , sarek , evolutionary speciation , and the borg . unlike season two there is much more planetary exploration and lots of alien encounters . there are loads of unforgettable episodes in this season , " evolution " where nanotechnology takes over the enterprise , " the survivors " is a mystery about a single household that is the only structure to survive an alien invasion on a whole planet , " who watches the watchers ? " is about the prime directive failing when the enterprise team are spotted and kidnapped , " offspring " sees data creating another sentient android , " sins of the father " has worf return to his klingon homeworld to defend his family honour , " hollow pursuits " has lt. barkley fantasizing about crew members in the holodeck , " sarek " is about the vulcan of the same name from star trek : the original series , who is back for what looks like his final peace negotiation , and of course the pot-boiler end episode of " the best of both worlds , part i " ( widely acclaimed as one of the best star trek episodes ever ! ) marks the grand entrance of locutus of borg onto the scene . the bottom line for tng : season three is that it is often cited by fans as the best tng season and is probably the first of the seasons to really be worth the price tag demanded of these very expensive box sets . in season three everyone seems to have matured , included the writers who are giving us exactly what we want and the series has a serious enough budget to make every episode look like a movie , especially towards the end . there is lots in this season to enjoy and of course not since j.r. ewing had been shot did we get the kind of cliff-hanger episode that " the best of both worlds , part i " would deliver on , meaning every trekie ( and who was n't at this time ) across the planet from la to hong kong had to wait all summer to learn how picard could be saved . there is no time to loose ! ! ! onto season four . .... wooosshhhh . season 4 not since j.r. ewing had been shot did we get the kind of cliff-hanger episode that " the best of both worlds , part i " would deliver on at the end of season iii , meaning every trekie ( and who was n't at this time ) across the planet from la to hong kong had to wait all summer to learn how picard could be saved . there was no time to lose ! ! ! onto season four . .... wooosshhhh.. . so here we are . with season three it was the dawn of the 90s and cgi had undergone some development and improvements ( better looking planets with moving gaseous atmospheres , particle effects , lighting and subspace effects ) . with season three things started to have more of a movie budget look . season four tries to maintain that class . most of the main characters from season two are here , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker , lieutenant commander geordi la forge , lieutenant commander worf ( who keeps growing that hair ) , commander deanna troi , lieutenant commander data , dr. beverly crusher and ensign wesley crusher ( now a starfleet officer with full uniform , also departs from tng half way through this season , and has a recurring role instead of a main character in the remaining three seasons ) . colm meaney is here again as miles edward o'brien and whoopi goldberg 's guinan . lots of characters who had small episode roles are back for season four such as worf 's lover k'ehleyr , the traveller , k'mpec the klingon leader , duras whose dishonesty caused worf 's discommendation and the romulan tomalak . there is also a surprise character at the end of this season . season four of tng is mostly about the borg , family , dr. soong and the ai emotion chip , adoption , the space-time continuum , hostage rescue , the klingon high council , romulans , alternative universes , holographic projection , survival , loosing special abilities , renegade captains , the devil , amnesia , first contact , love , nightmares , mutations , super intelligence , robin hood , witch hunt trials , euthanasia , host life forms , mind control and honour . like season three most the episodes in season four have great stories , combining both planetary exploration and the life of the crew instead of dealing with either one or the other as the initial seasons did . it is a well balanced season overall and a good deal more exciting than maybe its three previous seasons now that things are firmly established . apart from containing part ii of ` the best of both worlds ' , the introduction of the cardassians , who would become major players in the star trek : deep space nine franchise , makes it even more valuable . there are loads of unforgettable episodes in this season , ` the best of both worlds , part ii ' concludes the cliff-hanger from season three with some great battle special effects , ` family ' has picard going home to see his brother and family , ` brothers ' features dr. soong who is data 's creator , ` reunion ' returns to the story of worf and his klingon dishonour , ` the wounded ' features the cardassians for the first time , ` clues ' has data disobeying picard , ` first contact ' sees riker exposed as an alien on a planet he is monitoring , the ` the nth degree ' has barclay taking control of the enterprise with his new special powers of intelligence , ` qpid ' for its historical recreation of robin hood and of course ` redemption , part i ' which deals with worf 's dishonour . the bottom line for tng : season four is that it keeps up the pace of season three , and is worth the price tag demanded of these very expensive box sets . everyone has matured and the writers are giving us exactly what we want . although not quite the cliff-hanger end episode that " the best of both worlds , part i " was , ` redemption , part i ' still concerns the loss of a main character to the other side and introduces the surprise return of a person we know . we are left asking ourselves , if the ` hard man ' is really gone and why does ` she ' look like a romulian ! as picard would say " i can live with a mystery " but we just ca n't ! onto season five as quick as we can.. . season 5 season 5 has a remarkable improvement in visual effects . the display panels on the enterprise are more interactive . the camera can now pan as special effects take place . deep space battles seem more intense . we also get a new star trek title graphic in the opening sequence . the cliff-hanger conclusion of " redemption , part ii " is a great episode although slightly lacking in the promise of a civil war battle between klingons , romulans and the federation , turns out to be more of a character episode than the big epic battler we thought we would get . none-the-less , it is still a good episode that reveals some things about the family of tasha yar . most of the main characters from season two are here , captain jean-luc picard ( with a new red suede coat and grey uniform ) , commander william t . riker , lieutenant commander geordi la forge ( who sports a new beard in one episode ) , lieutenant commander worf ( who left the enterprise in season four ) , commander deanna troi , lieutenant commander data and dr. beverly crusher . ensign wesley crusher ( who departed from season four half way and has a recurring role instead of a main character in the remaining three seasons ) returns for some episodes but is mainly replaced by the new ensign ro laren , a bajoran . colm meaney is here again as miles edward o'brien as is whoopi goldberg 's guinan . alexander rozhenko as worf 's son now has a reoccurring role since season four . keiko o'brien , ( miles o'brien 's wife ) is firmly established as a reoccurring character . watch out for the special appearances of ashley judd as ensign robin lefler and leonard nimoy as spock ! whoot ! whoot ! strangely enough this is the only season where q , of the omnipotent q continuum , does not make an appearance . lieutenant reginald barclay , engineer is also absent from this season . season four of tng is mostly about the klingon high council , romulans , communication , bajora , crystalline entities , disasters , addiction , reunification , time travel , parenting , telekinesis , eugenics , amnesia , possession , euthanasia , sexual repression , time warps , children , cover-ups , sexual attraction , imaginary friends , borg , invisibility , alternative lives and phase shifting . like season four most the episodes in season five have great stories , a perfect balance of planetary exploration and the life of the crew . it much more of the same as in season four with the better episodes being ` redemption , part ii ' , ` darmok ' an interesting episode about language , the introduction of the bajora and ensign ro , the silicon avatar makes a return , ` unification ' , part i and ii ( both here ) with spock may be one of the most popular double episodes in the whole tng franchise , certainly more popular than ` time 's arrow ' , part i which ends this season with the possibility of something strange happening to data on earth . ` the masterpiece society ' shows what happens when a special genetically engineered race has contact from the outside world . huge of borg also makes his first appearance in ` i , borg' . apart from the ` unification ' double episode , the instalments ` ethics ' , about worf undergoing a major controversial surgical operation and ` the game ' , when entertainment becomes mind control , have both achieved cult status as some of the best tng episodes ever aired . season five unfortunately has some dull episodes too , many of which occur in the second half of the season , so the best stuff is within the first four discs . it does n't really create much drive to push for a quick follow up with season six , but no doubt because six is as good as five was , then we are there for it . as a note : " redemption part ii " - this episode received as 12 age rating in the uk , because it contains klingon ritual head butting . ` violations ' also has sexually violent content ( psychic rape ) . parents may want to be cautious and view those two episodes before showing it to children . if you are going to move onto season six then you will probably want to know that during season six the crew make contact with deep space nine . so if you get deep space nice : season one you can sync up the star dates and watch both franchises in chronological order . if you are in for six you may also be in for season one of ds9 ! season 6 season 6 is generally considered the pinnacle of the series for the wind down to the season 7 conclusion and of course the wake of popularity that star trek , deep space nine : season 1 whipped up while season 6 was running . 1993 was tv sci-fi heaven with fans getting a double dose of st for the year . this means for the folks who have been watching tos and tng , now is the time to do a special chronological order of star dates alternating between tng season 6 and ds9 season 1. you can find the order if you search the new for it . tng has really good stories while ds9 gets the effects . we are no longer happy to see a new interactive flat panel as the driving force of a story . season 6 answers with substance to characters and stories with some surprises ( picard acting like a russian is hysterical . would you sacrifice his authority role for that quality humour from him from time to time ? maybe yes ! ) . the conclusion of " time 's arrow " is not the best cliff-hanger but sufficient . most of the main characters from season two are here , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker , lieutenant commander geordi la forge , lieutenant commander worf , commander deanna troi , lieutenant commander data and dr. beverly crusher . ensign wesley crusher ( who departed from season four half way and has a recurring role instead of a main character in the remaining seasons ) returns for some episodes but is mainly replaced by the new ensign ro laren , a bajoran . colm meaney is here again as miles edward o'brien but will be transferred to ds9 ( his absence is not mentioned ) . whoopi goldberg 's guinan is back along with alexander rozhenko . keiko o'brien , ( miles o'brien 's wife ) will also leave for ds9. lieutenant reginald barclay , engineer is back after being absent from season 5. season 6 of tng is mostly about transporter psychosis , empaths , scotty ! , alien abductions , q , age regression , android dreams , artificial life , cardassians , prof . moriarty , love , romulan defection , destiny , klingon birthrights , thieves , command ethics , origins of life , insanity , murder , faith , doubles , time travel and the borg . like season 5 most the episodes in season 6 have above average sci-fi stories , combing planetary exploration and the life of the crew . memorable episodes include , a fistful of datas , the quality of life , ship in a bottle , face of the enemy , birthright and lessons . there are three very good episodes which really make the season worth . tapestry sees picard given the opportunity to relive his youth without the night he fought with a gang who stabbed him through the heart . suspicion is a great whodunit episode ( of which there are a few ) with one of the coolest star trek aliens ever ( should have made him a main character ) . descent part i is a very nice slight of hand trick . you will keep thinking hugh right up until the last second . season 7 star trek : season 7 is of course winding down to a conclusion , making way for some star trek films , but in reality it is deep space nine : season 2 ( ds9 : season 1 starts in star date chronological order with tng : season 6 ) that is the new trek . fans of star trek got their twofold measure of these series through 1993 and 1994 making it an exceptional sf tv era . the conclusion of " descent , part ii " has the finale of lore . most of the main characters from season two are here , captain jean-luc picard , commander william t . riker , lieutenant commander geordi la forge , lieutenant commander worf , commander deanna troi , lieutenant commander data and dr. beverly crusher . ensign wesley crusher ( who departed from season four half way and has a recurring role instead of a main character in the remaining seasons ) returns for one episode . while ensign ro laren , a bajoran , was supposed to replace him , she only appears in one episode in season 7 , although the episode is a major one focused on her . colm meaney shows up again as miles edward o'brien for the last episode . whoopi goldberg 's guinan is gone without explanation ( see the movie " star trek : nemesis " on her ) . alexander rozhenko is back . keiko o'brien , ( miles o'brien 's wife ) is not here either ( after leaving for ds9 ) . lieutenant reginald barclay , engineer , is back again . season 6 of tng is mostly about lore , emotional studies , interfaces , mercenaries , nightmares , psychic trauma , beverly and picard , warp travel environmental damage , data 's mother , alternate realities , the pegasus , worf 's human brother , incubus , top secret missions , radiation sickness , deities , troi and worf , reverse evolution , wesley and the traveller , klingon right of ascension , picard 's son , abiogenesis , ro laren and time travel . while there are some hit and miss episodes and a really terrible one ( " masks " for example is one of the worst of the entire franchise ) most are well above average and some are incredible . memorable episodes include , gambit , forces of nature , inheritance , lower decks , thine own self , journey 's end and bloodlines . the pegasus is probably the best episode of the season , but the finale " all good things.. . " is really where it is at with some good aging effects , a possible future with an older looking cast and an futuristic enterprise to die for . the series ends very warmly and with a nicer note about the possibilities of looking within instead of charting stars and galaxies for a newer greater trek . in short there is nothing like st:tng . it evolved tv serials into mega media and ran for a full span of 7 years . it set a new benchmark and placed the bar as high as the stars . all we can say about this awe-inspiring series can be summed up in one word.. . ...amen . 
music neg 621.txt this is junk not music.neon moon is the worst song ever ! it is so boring and dull.and a cool drink of water is a horribly written and sung song ! this music bores me ! leave it alone and stick to rap , rock , or metal.country sucks 
camera neg 193.txt the frame and the pictures it displays are fine . sometimes it is a little hard to get it to download photos from my pc . my major complaint is the power supply . the original power supply dies after 4 months . it was repalced under warranty ( after some grief with customer service ) . the raplacement died some months later after the warranty had expired . i then had to buy one . that one died after a few months and the company did n't have the replacement in stock . after months of waiting from them to stock the item i gave up and after lots of searching on the web i found a supply made by another compay . i had to change the connector to make it match the connector on the frame . it 's been doing fine since then . i should note that my daughter has the same frame and has had almost identical problems . it looks like there are a lot more of these types of frames on the market now . i would do a lot of shopping before buying this one 
camera pos 119.txt got the lowero slingshot 100 about 2 months ago , and it is really coming in handy . in the main area , it holds my pentax digital slr with one lens mounted , 1 rather small lens and 1 decently big zoom lens ( 80-320mm ) , plus a sigma ef-500 super flash . it 's packed in there , and the flash just barely fits , but i do n't need much more room . the top compartment holds extra batteries , recharger , etc. really easy to access the main pocket when it is on my back...just by pulling the case to my front ( no need to take it off my back ) . well made . zippers are strong so i do n't have to worry about one loosening and my equipment falling out . perfect for the amateur to semi-pro photographer . 
camera neg 521.txt i 've had this camera just over a year ( figures ) and it has gone completely bonkers on me . sometimes it works and other times it puts black lines across the screen making it useless . you never know when you turn it on whether it will work or not - - making it completely unreliable . keep in mind that this camera was used almost entirely inside for my business , so it was n't abused , dropped , thrown in the bottom of a purse , etc. it was treated very carefully and probably only shot about 2 , 000 pictures total . frankly , i 'm kind of glad it broke so that i have an excuse to replace it . here 's why : 1. takes beautiful still shots , but forget about any kind of action . it takes too long between shots to get good action . it also blurs nearly all the action shots i 've ever taken , regardless of what mode it 's in . 2. the red-eye is aweful . it should do better . i doubt that i 'll ever buy another canon 
music pos 532.txt i originally purchased this cd at a local store . so many of my friends and family loved it that i ordered 4 more from amazon at a fraction of the cost . it is a superb cd and i recommend it to all . 
music pos 197.txt this cd is truly a classic and one of my all-time favorites . love it 
music pos 13.txt i can honestly say that when i first heard scarling 's " so long , scarecrow " , i was less than impressed . i 've been into scarling for a few years now , and when i heard their first record , " sweet heart dealer " , i instantly fell in love . i somewhat held it above everything else , i was so impressed by it . so when i heard the progression from shd to sls , i was a little bit let down . but after three solid listens , from first to last , i was totally amazed by this record . it was like something clicked and i was able to see the beauty each track held . i seriously listen to this cd almost everyday . although i prefer some tracks to others [ ( northbound on ) cauhenga ! ] , i really ca n't think of one track that i just do n't like . it now takes place in my favorites over shd . i feel that this record can really appeal to anyone ; it 's very versatile . and , as always , jessicka 's beautiful vocals compliment the indescribable amazingness of the music wonderfully . if you 're indecisive about purchasing this record , i say bite the bullet , give it a few solid listens , and promptly be blown away 
music neg 530.txt as others have noted , this turns out to be only a handful of lullabyes in spanish sung by maria del rey , plus nursery rhymes spoken by children and men ( not very good for putting a baby to sleep ) , plus the whole thing repeated in english . in addition , i had been looking for traditional latin american pieces and apparently all of these are contemporary . do n't waste your money...i 'm planning on giving my copy away if i can figure out someone i know who could actually use it 
camera neg 946.txt i spend hours pouring over reviews trying to decide which ultracompact was the best deal and the best overall camera . in the end , it came down to panasonic 's fx01 and cannon 's sd600. i read the warnings from other reviewers that the panasonic 's images were n't top quality , but i chose to ignore those reviewers because on paper the fx01 looks like it would out perform the sd600. i was wrong . after using the fx01 for a few days i knew what those other reviewers were talking about - grainy photo after grainy photo . i really really wanted this camera to be great , but it just wasn't . actually , my old 3mp camera took better shots then the 6mp fx01 ! very disappointing . i ended up returning this camera to amazon ( very easy-great service ) because of the poor image quality . i mean , wanting good photographs is why you take photos , right ? i know someone with the sd600 and he 's very happy with the quality . judging by the customer images on the sd600 's page on amazon , i think i should 've gone with cannon 
music neg 451.txt eric reed is a monster pianist . under the right circumstances , he could record a christmas album that would become an instant classic . this , however , is an unfortunate example of what happens when an overconfident artist tries to do everything himself . reed produced and arranged this album himself . probably if he had hired an objective producer , that producer would have told him to hire an arranger . reed 's arrangements are second-rate . his version of " santa claus is coming to town " has been downshifted into a parody that serves as the worst example of an annoying trend : reed attempts to put a fresh twist on nearly every song . it 's an admirable goal , but he does n't have what it takes ; and the result is like a restaurant that serves hamburgers with a knife and fork , and swordfish crumbled over salad . it just does n't work . i hope this is n't the last christmas album from eric reed . he 's one of the truly original voices of his generation ; and with his gospel background and feel for the blues , there 's no doubt in my mind he could record an album that would rival " a charlie brown christmas . " but this is n't it . he needs to hand over the reins of his next project and focus on the piano 
music pos 695.txt i thought this album was good not great , but saying that i do recomend it to everyone because it does have some great songs it . the best songs on the cd to are . 2. comfortable liar 3. send the pain below 4. closure 5. the red 6. wonder what 's next and my favorite track is #2 it sounded so sweet , you will love that song 
music neg 437.txt i hate it when rock stars form those g0d awful " supergroups " . ca n't people see that putting a whole bunch of different people from different bands together in one band is just a marketing scam and nothing more ? there 's no such thing as a good supergroup . the supergroup is the only kind of band that deliberately tries to $uck . when damn yankees released their 1990 debut , every song on it was so incredibly generic , there was no hope for this band . the whole album seemed rushed and thrown together . they had nothing meaningful to say with these songs , it just seemed like they were pumping out filler and hoping somebody would be stupid enough to fall for their " supergroup " scam . the big , booming , arena rock choruses just ring hollow . i guess they 're trying to be catchy and have memorable hooks , but to me , it just sounds like a lot of filler . supergroups will always suck , because they diliberately try to sound bad ! thats right people ! supergroup members know that since they 're already popular , the album they 're putting out is guaranteed to be a big seller- -- - " why bother trying to come up with good songs ? we 're already popular , so people will buy it no matter how bad it is ! lets just put out filler . " supergroups are a total farce , its just easy money for the people involved , and nothing more . if you buy any album by any supergroup , than you my friend , are a sucker ! if you want to hear shaw or blades at their best , just keep listening to any styx or night ranger album , and avoid anything by damn yankees , or any other supergroup 
camera pos 838.txt when the etx-90pe works , it works very well and makes astronmomy an easy hobby to get into . let me elaborate . first , the best telescope is the one you use most often . all too frequently people buy big telescopes that are heavy to carry , and that need frequent adjustment . the little etx weighs less than 20 lbs all set up ( including tripod ) , and never needs adjustment . it encourages frequent use . second , one of the most challenging aspects of astronomy , especially for the newcomer , is finding objects to look at . if you are not familiar with the night sky and where things are located , it can get very frustrating spending up to 30 minutes just to find one object to look at ! the etx 's built in computer makes finding objects easy - just select what you want to see from a menu , and the scope will automatically point to it . the optical quality of the etx is excellent . the manufacturer , meade , does a very good job of turning out optical systems that rank with the best . some of the most rewarding objects - the moon , jupiter , saturn , and the orion nebula look wonderful through this telescope . one final positive to mention is the ease of setup . the pe models are the easiest of all telescope to get up and running . just turn on the power , press one key on the hand held computer controller , and in a few moments the telescope will start aligning itself so that it will automtically find objects for you . you do n't need to worry about where north is , or what the current date , time , and location are . now some cautions . first , the etx-90 is a small telescope , and will not show as much as a larger one . that is the trade-off with getting a portable instrument . there are larger etx models that are almost as portable , so these might be a consideration . also , understand that there will be a learning curve when using the built in computer . it 's not hard , but you need to have some patience while you learn the procedure . finally , be prepared for some quality control issues . as good as the optics are , some etx 's have some mechanical problems that require a return to the factory for warranty repair . my own etx-90pe had to go back to the factory twice . but once all the problems were fixed , it was well worth it ! on this note , you can purchase an extended warranty from the manufacturer at a reasonable price , and i would recommend doing so 
dvd neg 620.txt even though amanda is quite attractive , the camera work is bad , the lack of professionalism throughout make this naked yoga dvd a bitter disappointment . there are few close-ups and when the camera operater tries to get in close focus goes out the window . a bit of rehearsal may have made the actual yoga scenes a bit better . if you are looking for an accidentally soft focus dvd of a relatively pretty young lady doing joga naked while she discusses what she is to do with the photographer and looking lost , this is for you 
camera neg 38.txt to customer before me , you camera d200 might be on recall . please check the nikon website for more info . you have described the exact recall problem . good luck ! btw , have you tried or someone tried this battery on a d70 ? i am thinking to consolidate and have all greys batteries rather than black for the d70 and grays from the d200. 
camera pos 808.txt very easy to use , multiple languages , something nice and easy for even unexperienced users . recommend to anybody buy it , it 's worth it . and the price is right for the features and mp . i would not hesitate to pay more for this camera . kodak has done wonderful job with this on 
music neg 352.txt this cd is the worst " comedy " cd i have ever heard . yet the reviews on here mostly claim it was hilarious ? ? ? ? ok , i 've come to the conclusion , the only people writing positive reviews on amazon must be the people trying to sell the junk . i 've seen this guy on some tv shows , and on comedy central , and he 's a somewhat funny guy , but it is painful to listen to this cd . you can feel the awkwardness of the crowd , not knowing if or when to laugh . and it continues throughout the entire cd . there do n't seem to be any jokes on the cd at all . it is all disconnected negative rants from a bitter angry human being . do n't believe me ? then go ahead and waste your money on this horrible piece of junk , and see for yourself . like my review title says , do not read the positive reviews . just read the negative ones , and decide how credible they seem . then make your decision to buy or not buy 
camera pos 144.txt there are already tons of reviews on the eos 300d ( digital rebel ) but i do want to share my experience with the camera , so i will keep this short . i bought this camera about 5 months ago and i am in love with . i was not new to photography or to slr 's , but new to the world of digital slr . i had previously used an ancient minolta x-570 , a " pro-sumer " 35mm film slr with a vivitar 35-105 standard zoom lens . first and foremost this camera takes excellent pictures , very high quality and no distortion that i have seen . this camera is particularly good as a beginner 's dslr because there are so many options to use and learn . but until you are ready to take advantage of all the featues , you can use this just like a point and shoot . battery life has been excellent so far : thought i would suggest getting an extra to have as a backup for long days of taking photos . i have also been quite happy with the kit lens , which i was n't sure i would like since it is not as versatile as the lens i had been using on my minolta . but the kit lens has proved to be a great learning tool : i have been able to take some great shots , while also learning what kinds of other , better lenses i would like to add to my setup . **the only issue i have had was a problem with a sandisk 2gb cf card . after about 300 shots , the camera froze and stopped responding to that card . i was able to salvage most of the photos after the fact , but do n't risk it . if you 're serious enough to spend this kind of money on a camera , spend a little extra money on the sandisk ultra ii line of high-speed cards . 
camera pos 874.txt i purchased the pentax k10d digital slr about four weeks ago , and am very happy with this camera and the two lenses- -18-55mm and 50-200mm . with the shake reduction and anti-dust features , you can ` t go wrong . if you went with canon or nikon , you would pay through the nose for their lenses . the construction is very solid with seals that help prevent dust and water entering the camera.the features of the k10d make it a joy to use . i would highly recommend this camera to anyone moving up to a digital slr . i am age 81 , so it ` s never too late to move up the ladder . w.c.rhyn 
music neg 749.txt i ca n't believe none of the other reviews of the ultra lounge series state that these cd 's contain almost all instrumental music , with very few songs that feature vocals . i expect a lounge music cd to have a mix of both vocal and instrumental tracks , and of the four ultra lounge cd 's i purchased , i count only three songs with vocals on all four of them . while the instrumental songs do fit the genre of lounge music , they tend to blend into one another and become mundane after hearing several of them . the titles of the ultra lounge cd 's ( such as bachelor pad or bossanova ) mean very little , as each cd fails to distinguish itself from any other because of all of the instrumental tracks . the best lounge cd i have heard so far is from an unlikely source . i purchased it at pottery barn , and it has a great mix of vocal and instrumental songs . keep this in mind when buying lounge music cd 's so that you wo n't be disappointed the way i was with the ultra lounge series 
music pos 911.txt i gotta be honest , when i first listened to this album i was dissapointed . but like any truly amazing album , it just took some decoding , listening to the songs multiple times reaaaallly helps to appreciate what these guys are doing . essentially , gat are four people who are amazing at what they do , and we should feel lucky that they have found a way to mesh together perfectly . their first album , emphasizer , blew me away , but i felt it lost steam around halfway through . this album does no such thing , and what is more impressive is that this is an all acoustic album , which means skerik is using the natural sound of his sax as opposed to the various effects that he is known for . this gives the album a much more natural feel and it shows that these four are able to make amazing music without any wizardry in the production department . but dont get me wrong , this cd sounds amazing . anyway , i saw them live last night in nyc , and they blew my mind.. . i recommend this cd to anyone , and see them live if you get the rare opportunity ! 
camera pos 322.txt it gave me the option to change the angle of the light.. . this is a nice option to have i am sure 
music neg 445.txt me especially i cannot hate on cam cuz i got his first albums and thats when he was serious lyrically . either the money went to his head or he just ran outta s*** to say . and judgin that his subject matter stays the same i guesss its true . dude spits some retarded a** lyrics . i give this cd a two cuz of the beats . but this dude is a certified beatwaster . these producers need to give these beats to rappers who can actually spit bars . this n***a sumtimes do n't even rhyme 
camera neg 976.txt i do n't know what case others got , some have said " too tight " but mine was very loose . the camera is swimming around in the case , easily half a centimeter of clearance . not recommended . just buy the battery and wait for someone to make a good aftermarket case . 
camera pos 988.txt love my new jvc everio . the original model just used compact flash cards , but the new everio gz uses an ipod like hard drive that lets you store a year 's worth of video on it ! tape is definitely dead , and dvd camcorder 's 30 mintues a disc does n't hold a candle to the everio . the only issue i had was that the software that come with it was pretty basic , but all the other video editing software programs did n't recognize the everio video files ( .mod files which contain mpeg2 video and dolby stereo audio ) . i did finally find adobe premiere elements 2.0 which supports this new file type natively . it has made editing a breeze . 
camera neg 867.txt i bought this item as a gift , and it ended up becoming mine . i have to say , i am greatly dissatisfied . here are some main issues i am having with the camera : 1. it is very poorly designed . the look and the feel of the camera are not elegant . buttons are really ugly , and operating the camera is awkward , and for some functions requires both hands to operate. . 2. the camera has been having issues with turning on and off occasionally . 3. the worst , by far , is the picture quality . colors are just plain terrible . automatic settings are a disaster of photography . i have used a canon ( 2mp ) before getting this one ( 5mp ) . the canon was far superior in quality , colors , lighting. . i do n't need large files of trash , i am perfectly fine with smaller files with great pictures . as a result , i am strongly recommending getting a different camera . i have had great experiences with canon ; and seems like sony and nikon are doind a good job too . but hp must stop making cameras , and indeed many other devices . 
music neg 852.txt best of dark horse is another half-hearted attempt to gather george harrison 's greatest songs together . this time we only get tracks from 1976 to 1989. while there are some good songs ( blow away , crackerbox palace , cheer down , etc. ) the rest do n't represent his best songs from this period . where 's faster , this is love , someplace else , etc ? the only reasons to purchase this cd are for the rarities poor little girl , cockamamie business and cheer down . until they make a true best of , we 'll have to make our own single-disc compilation . here are the tracks needed : apple scruffs , my sweet lord , all things must pass , what is life , give me love ( give me peace on earth ) , living in the material world , crackerbox palace , blow away , all those years ago , dream away , cloud 9 , this is love , someplace else , got my mind set on you , end of the line , handle with care , cheer down , devil 's been busy , any road , rising sun . [dw] 
camera neg 720.txt we returned this video camera due to video picture quality . the camera requires a lot of light to have a decent video , even after changing settings , the video had a " grainy " look . we just needed something basic to replace our 10 year old video camera and thought this would work , but the picture was worse than our previous camera . purchased the pv-gs65 , next model up with 3ccd 's and love this model . as a matter a fact we still had the gs-31 , used the same tape , shot the same footage , and reviewing the two different shots , the gs-65 did 100% better . the camera has a great feel in your hand , although the menu button can be difficult to press 
camera neg 351.txt we have had this camera for about a year . we wanted an inexpensive camera but buying this was a big mistake . the picture quality is terrible and now it is not even working . we have a canon powershot a60 as well and have been very happy with the performance . i would not recommend this polaroid camera to anyone 
music pos 82.txt i had originally heard " drive away " on a radio station and i was instantly blown away . upon seeing the music video for it , i decided to buy the cd . i was hardly disappointed . the emotion that goes into the cd is amazing and it 's definitly a cd to sit down and enjoy . i saw the band in concert and met jonah after the show and was amazed by how down to earth he was . give gratitude a chance and you wo n't be disappointed . 
camera pos 297.txt this replacement battery is half the cost of canon 's yet offers longer life . i bought it when i first got my sd10. when one battery runs out , the spare goes in . the lenmar still works great while the canon is near end life ! i am buying two more since they are so cheap ! do not buy no name batteries on ebay . they do not last worth a darn and are basically a waste of money ! do n't do it. . 
music pos 807.txt robbie 's flow corses through your veins causing a feeling of total ecstacy and rejuvination . to have a cd that has the power to lift your spirit and your soul is something i feel so honored to have in my possesion . hats off to robbie 
music neg 676.txt this disk is truly as bad as nitin 's previous disks were wonderful . take any previous nitin disk , throw in some alpha , a bit of craig armstrong , some predictable eco-freindly american diatribe , mix until extremely smooth and you have a prophesy . as with most prophesies there no good news about it . my prophesy is that anyone who buys this wo n't ever buy another nitin dis 
camera neg 953.txt after receiving the case and trying to use it on the camera , i discovered it was very cumbersome and almost impossible to manipulate . for instance , you cannot access the cf card or camera with the attached portion screwed into the tripod mount , also , taking the front cover off to take a picture was a hassle . this is not useable for a carry-around use . i have it sitting in the corner of my office unused , spent good money for nothing . 
dvd pos 101.txt samba party workout 1 : brazilian rhythm celebration is competently hosted by vanessa isaac and provides a lively and energetic 35-minute introduction to the amazing and passionate world of samba dancing . educating the viewer in an easy-to-follow , step-by-step , simplified instructional manner , samba party workout 1 brings a surplus of life into the enjoyable activity of dance with this unique and invigorating style , engaging the viewer both physically and mentally . a welcome addition to any personal or music / dance school instructional dvd collection , samba party workout 1 is very highly recommended for its " user-friendly " construct and intriguing content to all viewers looking for a fun and lively " how to " guide to dancing the samba ! 
camera pos 414.txt started to by a less expensive bag last january ( dec. now ) and i 'm shure glad i didn't . for the money this bag is a good one . it 's not flimsy and you can get in and out of it and the pockets easly . the tripod holder on top has been real convenient 
camera neg 910.txt i 've just returned this unit . it does n't play videos as advertised . i was able to get it to properly play .avi files at 320 x 240 resolution...see other review below . but 320x240 gives a postage stamp size picture . at 640 x 480 the playback was full size but jerky and broken....more later . i have now had 3 different brands of 8 " photo frames in my possession : a phillips , a pandigital , and this coby . i have developed the following list of features in my " ideal " photo frame . first , video playback : i 've been taking a lot of video clips with my digital still camera...they come out well and the convenience of not having to lug my camcorder along , and the ability to quickly transfer clip files within / between chips and my computer is attractive . i would like a frame which will play the format my camera is taking ( .mov , more later ) i 'd also like the frame to play a multi-media show...that is , to play movie clips in show presentations , intermixed with .jpg photo files . second feature is to play .wma music files , in addition to mp3. this is because i have a non-ipod personal music player . all my music is in .wma format because it is roughly half the file size of mp3. third , i would like a timer on my frame...set it to come on in the morning , off at night , for example . fourth , i 'd like an audio or speaker out feature . none of these frames has home theater-like sound , and i have an extra pair of computer speakers i 'd probably hook up . video out could come in handy too . fifth , i 'd like to be able to rotate stills from within the frame 's software , manually or automatically . yes , you can rotate them in the computer , but the frame may or may not preserve the rotation . ( this may depend on which photo edit program you are using . ) sixth , i 'd like a folder hierarchy file management system in the frame 's software . especially with the huge chips now available , i see an advantage to push a couple of buttons and change the picture set ( folder ) , rather than switching out chips . here is where the 3 units i 've had stack up , followed by my next ( fourth ) unit . i am keeping the pandigital....which costco has for $140. it plays .mov video files , but not within a slideshow . it has no speaker out jack and the sound is tinny . it requires mp3 music files . it permits picture rotation . no folder management system . no clock / timer . no ability to play stills / video intermixed . i think the coby and phillips picture quality is brighter but the pandigital is ok . the phillips did n't play video , and since it also had a software glitch when i returned it i decided to look elsewhere . ( no remote and no music with the philips either . ) the coby wo n't play my videos , even after i used my converter program to try about 10 different mp4 and avi variations . the coby plays .wma music files , wo n't rotate stills , has no folder system , no clock / timer . it has a speaker out jack . it does not permit intermixing video and stills in one multimedia show . picture quality is fully equal to philips , generally the recognized standard . if all you want is photos , and never turn your camera sideways , this unit will be a good value . another unit i 'd like to get to play with would be the image moments model by digitalfoci . i 've exchanged emails with someone there who clearly knows what they are talking about and i believe this unit will intermix my photos and videos . 
music pos 68.txt michelle branch carved out a place for herself in the young female pop singer market serveral years ago with a brilliant debut and a successful if derivitive duet with carlos santana . this record is her first with friend jessica harp . the ladies mine the borderline between the singer / songwriter and country genres for quality songs that should fit well in the americana format . highlights include the opening track leave the pieces , way back home , the good kind , and the title track stand still look pretty . of special note is the presence of producer / multi-instrumentalist john leventhal on many tracks . i recommend this record for folks who like songs that do n't sound like formula country 
music neg 868.txt stinkish-i totally agree with you 100% ! ! ! ! what was mattel thinking when they released this item ? some songs are ok , but " hit me baby one more time ? " that song is soooo old ! and so yesterday , by lip singer , hilary duff , is sooooo yesterday ! ! ! ! you gotta be desperate for music to actually buy this or want it.if you think that i am way wrong then include me in your review 
music pos 712.txt this is what i grew up with on the radio , and listened to at the dance halls . this is not some sissy nashville sound . 
music neg 939.txt this live album / in-studio acoustic ep is hard to figure . most of the live stuff is selected from bls 's & quot ; stronger than death&quot ; album , which was n't all that great to begin with . the only good thing being ; that album was so poorly mixed that live versions of & quot ; all for you&quot ; and & quot ; 13 years of grief&quot ; sound much better and immediate than their studio counterparts . a new heavier version of & quot ; no more tears&quot ; tries to please , but fails by showing zakk wylde 's gruff vocals do n't always work . unexpectedly , the bonus acoustic ep is the far better attraction . & quot ; like a bird&quot ; is the best song neil young never wrote and & quot ; blood in the well&quot ; shows zakk 's soloing chops in full form . bls needed some better songs before doing a live record . end of story 
music neg 184.txt ok , first off , this is the first corrs release i 've listenend to . i 'm offering my opinion without knowing anything else they may have done . i 've listened to the cd 10 times or so , on random occasions when i need a break from my normal diet of punk and garage rock . it sounds good . a little too good . i agree that it 's overproduced , does n't sound even remotely spontaneous . the studio work is well done , but overdone . i 'd like to hear something else to see what they really sound like . the content of the songs is what bothers me . aside from being sappy , sentimental drivvel ( this is pop music , after all - i was n't expecting anything else ) , everything sounds like a commercial ditty or a part of a movie soundtrack . mmm-hmm . track 1 - i see a not-so overweight soccermom smiling on a treadmill at curves ( tm ) , then hopping in the ford expedition ( tm ) , and cheering on the kids at their soccer game with a sunnyd ( tm ) in each hand . track 2 - helicopter pans out as mid-20 's girl drives curvy mountain road in vw cabrio ( tm ) ( r ) with top down , thinking about handsome lover.. . " lmn " ( r ) watermark in lower-right corner of screen.. . track 3 - sad animals . images of puppys in cages . track 4 - actually , i like this one . mellow , laid back . track 5 - ugh. track 6 - this one is the most clever ! i see the band members - 3 girls , 1 guy - on one side of a table under a hanging lamp in an otherwise black room , while 3 gentlemen in suits open a breifcase full of money , push it towards them and say , " as you 're aware , the radio has lost it 's credibility . the kids are figuring out that there are other bands out there , beside what we pump across the airwaves at them . we need to entice them back . if you want a single , and this pile of cash says you do , then you 'll do what you can to save this dying medium . hell , you work in the word " radio " and we 'll double what we 're giving you . " come on , the song even sounds like a psa for the international radio marketing council.. . track 7 - sounds like a pepsi commercial . track 8 - ugh. wait , was n't this track 5 ? track 9 - sappy , but ok . sounds like they actually put effort into the lyrics . thumbs up . track 10 - not remotely original , but alright . track 11 - interesting sound . good beat . correct me if i 'm worng , but was that a semi-pagan reference there ? that would be a bold move , for which i 'd applaud them , if in fact it is . not that i 'm pagan or anything , but hey , its a religiously positive , non-christian reference that does n't involve marilyn manson , and that takes guts . especially for radio-loving girls bands . track 12 - laid back . almost has a jazzy , lounge feel . track 13 - produced by former ace of base member ? bubbly , upbeat , not too bad . track 14 - written and produced by avril lavigne.. . track 15 - wow ! a relatively celtic-sounding song from a relatively celtic band ! ! and instrumental , too - big thumbs up ! in fact , maybe that 's the key . whatever . long-winded , i know , but fair . this album did n't turn me off to the corrs completely , but i do n't have very high hopes now . flame away , kiddies . 
camera neg 641.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat 
camera neg 772.txt bought this housing new in november 2005.in april i used it for the first time and it flooded on the first dive ! neither amazon ( since it is ouside the 30 day return policy ) nor canon will stand behind this product ! period ! i got so much run around from canon it was ridiculous . they wanted to " evaluate " the housing to determine if it was defective...dah ? they would not tell me if i sent it back for the " evaluation " what the final resolution would be ( refund , rework etc ) . coincidentally , another person on the same trip had the same housing...it flooded on their first dive too ! ! ! ! coincidence ? no . just terrible quality control and no product support from canon . do not buy canon products ! ! 
music pos 842.txt the coltrane soundscapes that this cd is infused flies to the mountain and back again , that 's the truth , but one troubling question for me remains ; no matter how much i enjoy this fusion incarnation by masters ( new & old ) - where in the world is alan holdsworth ? if any fusion guitar player has the rightful title claim to the coltrane moniker - it 's holdsworth . for years he 's been building the bridge between the good old philosophies and the new world order . including holdsworth would have just been the jazziest thing to do . 
music pos 497.txt dope cd..im a huge spice 1 fan..this cd is off da hook...check out immortilized and bossalini cds...those are dope quality cds..i have over 600 hip hop cds in my collection..and i do n't really express my fealings on amazon unless its worth it..i love hip hop till da day i die...and spice 1 is one dope smokin hip hop lyracist...tru dat...plus im from da old school..nwa , pe , rakim , boogie down , naughty by nature ( 1rst cd ) , big daddy kane , old school jazzy jeff and fresh prince , old school ll...naw mean..wor 
camera neg 869.txt i loved the camera , absolutely loved it . i was using it one night and it died . i went home and put in on the charger and nothing happened . the light on the charger did n't flash or the camera did n't even go in after dying . the second time i used it , i just got back from vacation and put it on the charger . i was able to turn it on to look at the pictures . as i was looking at the pictures , it just shut off . i was unable to find a way to turn it back on or even shut the nose . i would not recommend it for this reason unless the charger you get is different than mine . 
camera pos 523.txt picked mine up used on ebay for $180. with the growth of the vr market everyone is dumping there old lenses . you can get a used one for a great price . this lens is great for the serious amatuer . i have taken some incredible pictures with this lens . the autofocus is a little slow and i have heard people complain about softness on the high end but i have a photo blown up to 20 x 17 taken from my d70 at 300mm . of course i shoot the photo on a tripod... . i have not experienced the softnes 
camera neg 287.txt very cheap , you can tell it 's an fake camera miles away . sure it has these features of motion detector which makes it move and has led lights ; but not worth 6 dollars at all . stay awa 
camera pos 960.txt i bought this camera more than half a year ago . my intention was to get a decent camera for images , but then also be able to use it for filming short movies . i 'm very pleased with its performance . in good lighting conditions , colors come out to be amazing . i really really did not expect them to be so vivid and sparkling ! in darker conditions , well , it still works fine , not nearly as bad as i expected from some other reviews . photos might be grainy or not as vivid anymore , but the stuff is still perfectly suitable to show the photos to people . as about filming , it 's terrific . i mean , resolution is great ( sth like 848 by 640 or so ) , better than what one could possibly expect from a regular camera . and the quality is super awesome , looks very neat on computer screen . respect . it has to be pointed out that you cannot zoom while filming , but not many cameras out there can do that . oh , it 's also very small with a gigantic screen and great battery life . a great buy 
music pos 165.txt this was not a waste of brad 's time or mine . good job ! 
music neg 442.txt most of these songs were previously sold on other albums from martina . what a waste of money to buy this album of mostly " old " songs and only a few new ones ! martina is sucking money out of the pockets of hard-working individuals . maybe she should try getting a real job instead of using the average working person to support her lavish & luxurious lifestyle . many of us are living in trailer parks & working 80 hours a week while martina sitting on her a** in her million dollar house making money like rain ! you , the people who are buying her albums are making her rich...what the hell is wrong with you people ? do n't buy her albums and let her get a freakin ' job so she can feel what it 's like to work every day and actually earn a damn dollar ! martina , quit using poor people to accommodate your ridiculously high lifestyle 
camera neg 336.txt i am a nikon fan i have nikon 6t and nikon d50. but about coolpix 4600 : all picutures are always blurred or atleast fuzzy . it somehow take decent photos of face and buildings ( if they have strong straight edges / stripes ) 
music pos 913.txt this is the best " cover " album i have ever seen or heard in my life . a wonderful selection of material and a reflection of agnetha 's great judgment of how best to pay tribute to her favorite , and most influential , musical artists . her voice is absolutely flawless and just as powerful ( and pure ) as her days of old with abba . it would have sold well with the right kind of promotion such as touring which i read she had planned at one point . unfortunately , she had to cancel any such ideas . i would travel anywhere in the world to see her live just once in my life , whether it be to listen to any of the catchy tunes from this album or anything previous . we can only hope the day will come that she will do a live show again for us adoring and anxious fans . it 's certainly not out of the realm of possibility . it is neither an impossibility that agnetha record subsequent material in the not too distant future as this album without a doubt indicates she has so much great music left in her soul to share with the world 
music neg 885.txt the 1 star is for this 5 star cd box set being no longer available . does anyone know why or if it will be reissued soon ? i have the highlights cd and the " live at the plugged nickel " double lp - but not being able to buy this is disappointing and puzzling . thank you in advance for any help . scott k fis 
music pos 1.txt this is a wonderful album , that evokes memories of the 60 's folk boom , yet contains original songs . i was amazed at the fantastic harmonies and musical arrangements . anyone who loves the movie " a mighty wind " and who loves folk music will fall in love with this album . i know i did 
camera pos 193.txt i have been working for a major daily newspaper in baltimore for 2 decades . perhaps that will qualify me as an expert in photography . i have been shooting digital imagery since the late 1990s . maybe that qualifies me as an expert in digital photography . this may be long - winded , but it 's extensive and can be useful . i received the nikon d2h camera - - 2 bodies total - - over one year ago . i think i got them shortly after the d2h system was released in 2003. since then , i have used them to shoot images of all types - - documentary , sports , daytime , available light , flash , and dead - of - night - - for the paper i work for . this is the only camera i work with . first , please read the manual . there is a ton of information there , and the information is terrific to begin with . the d2h is highly - configurable , with screen after screen that you can set for your own specific use ( resist lending the camera to anyone for a long period of time , for your camera may be returned with many of your settings changed so much that it acts like a thoroughly different camera ) . i 'll just punch right in to the way it feels . the camera is a rather heavy beast , and for some , there can be an amount of shoulder or neck fatigue when using it for hours per day , like i do . but the camera feels well in hand and the controls are easy to move through . i 've long since given up using any camera bag . all i have are a fanny pack for a 14mm , 55mm , teleconverters and 2 extra camera batteries and flashes clipped to its belt . and the d2h 's hold the 17-35mm nikon and the 80-200mm nikon one - touch or the sigma 120-300mm 2 - touch . shooting is a breeze . the batteries let you shoot long before the need to recharge . i have my d2h set on iso 200 or 400 most of the time and sacrifice shutter speed for lower iso as often as i can , because the higher isos bring digital noise and a loss in color saturation . just today , i purchased digital noise plug ins for photoshop to limit this , and that 's a wonderful thing to invest in with this camera when you must shoot action photography with no flash at iso 800 and above . i now have little problems with capturing images in even barely - limited lighting . i recently shot stars and a plane wing from my seat of an airbus at 36 , 000 feet over the pacific at 30 seconds wide open @ f / 2.8 , and it looks tons better than night shots via the d1h , which lacked the internal digital noise filter . that filter kicks in at around 1 / 2 second and longer exposures , and can make you wait as long as your image you 've shot to strip your long exposure of much of the digital noise . when you shoot this way ( and in general ) , do n't simply react by cranking up iso because you will not be happy with your results . the camera can be loud . at over 7 frames per second , it can make you obvious in a quiet room . shooting sensitive situations can be testy , so limit your shooting to single frames . i wish this camera had an option to silence this camera , but since the mirror has to raise and lower , there 's no chance to do this . am i happy with the d2h ? definitely , yes . are there improvements that can be made ? yes . but the benefits outweigh the drawbacks . people have been bailing out of using the nikon system and going canon , which has some incredible gear , i wo n't deny that . but instead of simply giving up on your system of equipment , learn how to use the d2h well and you 'll be much happier than ever . and that means you should push its qualities to the max while respecting its limitations . for instance , white balance . this can be the best thing for you , or the worst thing you 've ever dealt with , depending upon how you approach it . daylight , grey skies , dusk and dawn are easy , because you can set the camera to daylight , flash , shadow ( for dusk and dawn times ) and even the fluorescent and incandescent tend to be right in the ballpark . but the horrible mixed light or the street lamps that glow blue / green or orange - red from mercury vapor can be the death of an image if you do n't properly use white balance . preset white balance is king , here . i can get grey , black and white when i preset in mercury vapor light . and i used the preset for any light that the auto white balance setting ca n't figure . there is also a setting to dial in kelvin temps as well ! if you do this ( and i can go on for miles here ) , you 're on your way . so , with trying this d2h , or considering it , read through some of the digital d2h forums and ignore the posts that slam the camera without giving instances . generally , those who pan the camera have not tried to understand it . i can bang off images to disprove where they suggest this camera will fail . when you have decent light , you 'll have a decent image . but when you try to use it without learning how you can maximize the system , you will come about shooting images that are terrible and unprintable . in closing , i have not been paid by anyone , i have no nikon stock and have no outside interest in writing this except that i 'm giving the d2h credit where it 's long overdue 
music pos 351.txt this is quite a sharp turn from francine 's previous album ( 40 on a fall day ) ... whereas the last album was closer sonically to frontman clayton scoble 's work in poundcake , this time around it 's quieter , subtler , sweeter and sadder . make no mistake , this is a break-up album . even those songs that make no mention of breaking up leave you with that cold , lonely , hug-craving feeling only the best break-up albums can . the mood will draw you in and keep you listening , but after a few listens it 's the songs you 'll fall in love with . ahh , the songs . they 're densely packed with chord changes , odd but appealing lyrics , and unexpected instrumentation . they 're hooky without being obvious ( a francine specialty ) . this was my favourite album of 2003 , and i still listen to it pretty often these days . best tracks : this sunday 's revival , silver plated 606 , novelty , 13 years . best lyric : " read a year old mail / now you should 've told me / i 've been repeating myself / only far less convincingly 
music neg 326.txt this has got to be the worst pile of trash i ever heard , right now i cant think of anything worse then this . the same ol trash bling and girls . and if you got jd and bow wow on your album at the same time , its gonna be wack . and do these n***** even know what franchise mean ? what does that word have to do with their name ? i 'll just start a click called ham & cheese and rap about flip flops and thongs for that matter 
camera neg 168.txt the camera worked perfectly for one week and then stopped working permanently . i just sent it off for repairs and have not received a diagnosis as to the root of the problem 
books pos 202.txt paul johnson has written a 1 , 000-page book about various and sundry aspects of the years 1815-1830 , years in which he rightly claims to find the origins of many aspects of the world as we know it today . johnson 's chosen foci are certainly broad : he ranges from events in politics and law to music , science , and even opium use . while almost every page is loaded with fascinating morsels of information that will certainly come in handy when you want to impress people at your next social function , johnson 's roving eye and pen can be disconcerting : he tends to shift topics very quickly and without warning . also , while the book claims to be about " world society , " johnson spends the largest part of his time talking about british society - - but he 's found plenty of ways to range geographically from the " western " united states ( like kentucky ) to china and singapore . throughout , his prose is generally crisp and pleasant to read . overall , johnson has given us what might be the ultimate in bedtime reading : a vast book that one can pick up , open nearly at random , and learn something interesting about the past but which retains significance today 
camera pos 571.txt this is a good padded case for your camera . but the back pocket shown in the picture with a phone stick out , was not deep enough for my phone with antenna attached . it measure 4 " x 3.5 " . but other than that i enjoy using this bag 
camera pos 979.txt the flash works very well , i do wedding photogrphy so i need a good flash . it works great . i am very happy with this product 
camera neg 291.txt i bought the converter since i wanted to use it for landscape photography . i took some test shots and discovered that the converter has an unacceptable amount of barrel distorion . if you are thinking about buying this product just be aware that you will have to correct your images through software after you take them 
dvd neg 480.txt as the us european command a-2 ( director of air intelligence ) during this phase of the disintegration of yugoslavia , i was surprised to see the ending - - what happened to the admiral and pilot . historical ? no way ! the only plane shot down was a single-seat us air force f-16 pioted by capt mcbrien ( sp ? ) while on combat air patrol ( cap ) , no cameras . some naval f-14s carried film-loaded cameras in pods , but most of the imagery pin-pointing mass graves came from u-2s and satellites ( and good coordination with french peacekeepers on the ground ) . so , this movie was fiction . it could have conveyed a better message , a better review of the decay of the former yugoslavia and the dominant role of serbian forces . but the producers decided action via fiction was better than learning fact 
camera neg 774.txt overall this is a well-designed case which is custom fit for your panasonic lx1 or lx2 camera , but it has a few major flaws . first , there is no simple way to attach it to your belt . there is a belt loop on the back but it is so small and tight that it wo n't fit any belt more than 1 / 2 " wide . also , there are two zippers on this case , one on each side , which could potentially scratch your camera coming in or out of the pocket . finally , the velcro tab that closes the case is not particularly strong and can occassionally pop loose on its own . this might be a good case if you are going to keep it in your backpack or suitcase , but not for carrying around for everyday use . 
camera neg 241.txt after a few months use the camera got persnickety , often demanding upon startup that i restart it . now that the camera has completely broken down , with the lens fully extended and stuck in place , i think this was a sign of a too-delicate lens mechanism that was beginning to deteriorate . another durability issue concerns the finish : the plastic coating on the 4-way rocker switch on the back that controls image review , flash , etc. , quickly wore off , and there are other small scratches all over the body of the camera . not a big deal in itself , but annoying given the other problem . the lens is prone to strange flaring , especially indoors , where lights in the room often up as large white blotches at various points of the frame . several photos were ruined , or have required tedious photoshopping . otherwise , the lens is fine and reasonably sharp , although nothing to write home about . the camera seems to hunt for autofocus lock more than some comparable models , e.g. , canon a610. many frames are motion-blurred , as well . there are ways to avoid this , but i did n't buy a point-n-shoot with fiddly controls and menus in order to mess around with aperture-priority exposure , thank you . there are a few things to recommend it : not only is it relatively inexpensive , it has a lens significantly wider than the competition- -31 or 32mm equivalent vs. 35mm . those few mm 's make a big difference when you ca n't move back far enough to get everything in the frame . it is also quick in its operations ( except when hunting for focus , see above . ) the jpegs it cranks out are extremely colorful- -bright red so much so that details sometimes seems to be lost- -but generally everything looks good . skintones are good . still , with the durability issue , this one 's not worth it . lucky for me , unlike the other user who seemingly experienced the same type of breakdown , i did keep the receipt . anyone wanna buy a memory stick pro duo 
music pos 116.txt need to say more ? this is one of the most beautiful and honest records western popular music ever seen . she sings beauty , so lovely , as some fairy enchanting gnomes in a huge yet peaceful forest , away from the horrors of humanity . that alien feeling you 'll get it since its first five seconds and it will lasts till the end . druids of the world unite 
camera pos 65.txt i bought the rebel xt w / the 18-55 lens exactly 18 hours before the xti was introduced , but that 's another story . as this is my first dslr , i was blown away by the results . but after the initial euphoria , there is always room for improvement . my first choice was the 28-200 , favoring the longer zoom over the is , but i found this one used at penn camera and got a deal on it and a 380ex flash , so the decision was made for me . i like the zoom range , it 's great for framng portraits . if i need wider angle , i still have the kit lens . i wo n't make the usual complaints about the herky-jerky zoom ring or the rackety extension tubes , as i was prepared for this by these reviews before i ever saw the lens . i 'm no expert on sharpness , and still trying to get myself dialed in , but my shots so far look pretty sharp to me . i have no " l " lenses to compare to , nor would i make the comparison if i did . in my somewhat uninformed opinion , this is a great step up from the kit lens . this is a lens a working guy can afford and most likely get great results with . being a working guy , i 'm extremely happy with it so far , and glad i made the purchase . 
camera neg 320.txt " lens error , restart camera " message appears today ( mar 26 ) after buying production on amazon on feb 20 , 07. when i searched google for this error message saw thousands of canon users having similar error / e18 error with older and newer version of the canon . i have tried panasonic and sonys before and never had an issue . i dread that canon customer service is going to waste my hours in getting a replacement and ultimately may end up charging me over a 100 for repairs like they have done to other users ( after reading user feedback on web ) 
music pos 418.txt wrathchild alone is worth the purchase of this album . its just that darn good of a song . but hey , the whole album is good . the title track is brutally awesome , especially live on the beast over hammersmith cd ( iron maiden box set ) . and murders in the rue morgue is another classic . then there is drifter , and the two intrumentals the ides of march and ghengis khan ( who papa roach would rip off the guitar riff from for their one hit wonder song last resort ) . maybe not as good as their debut album , but still a masterpeice of an album 
music pos 394.txt this album gives me goosebumps . i got it because of eric dolphy , but there is a lot more to listen to on this album than eric dolphy alone ( though he 's excellent as usual ) . the inclusion of booker ervin gives the album the perfect texture , as his style in many ways contradicts that of dolphy . although the styles are different , they complement each other perfectly . mal waldron is a great composer , and many of his most excellent ideas appear on this album . the song " thirteen " is a fine example...you 'll just have to listen to it . everyone on this album smokes . get this...you wont regret it 
music pos 81.txt before i review this classic rolling stones album , i just want to point out that juke box hero and whirligig are one in the same person . a troll who likes to trash great music and praise dire straits ( who are a good band but nit the greatest ) and green day . i say cut the shenanigans ! now that is off my chest , back to the review ! the rolling stones ' second album to be released on their own label fittingly called rolling stones records , which was distributed by atlantic at the time ( now virgin / capitol ) , entitled exile on main street was released in may of 1972. the album was the band 's only double studio album but is one of rock 's greatest double studio albums in history and ranks up there with other classic 2-record sets like the wall , quadrophenia , the lamb lies down on broadway and tommy among others . before guitarist keith richards ' heroin addiction took over for some time in the mid-1970s , he was what the late producer jimmy miller called a workhorse . the album was recorded at keith 's home in france and at olympic studios in london and muscle shoals in alabama and in los angeles . keith 's music and frontman mick jagger 's lyric writing was arguably at its peak on exile on main street . songs like the opening rocker rocks off , the 50s sounding rocker rip this joint , the album 's hit tumbling dice , the country-ish sweet virginia , keith 's classic rocker happy ( and it is his most famous track which he sang ) , the slow-ish soul survivor , the fast-paced blues rocker all down the line and the soul sounding shine a light are classics which sound like they could have been recorded yesterday . ventilator blues was another highlight as it was the only song that mick and keith wrote was co-written by guitarist mick taylor whom just tore the place up from 1969-74 ( his solos just rocked from 1969-74 ) . exile on main street was the rolling stones ' second consecutive #1 album and another million seller . the tour in support of the album saw the band getting bigger and bigger . almost 35 years on , this album is still a classic ! this album is hugely recommended 
camera neg 44.txt i was deeply dissapointed in this lens hood . given that the cost is about 10% of the cost of the lens for which it was intended ( the 70-300 is in this case ) i expected it to be of stiff durable polycarbonate . -positives - fulfills the basic function of a lens hood - prevents flare , etc. the bayonet locking system is excellent , much easier to deal with than scew-on type lens hoods . that 's about it . -negatives - the polycarbonate is so thin i half expect it to be translucent . the hood must be gripped by the base to remove it , as grippng the thin end of the hood may break it ; or at least it feels like it may break it . its very long . especially on the 70-300 which is already a long lens , this makes a fully extended zoom about a foot long . that 's pretty conspicuous . it 's very overpriced vs. generic lenses ( $50 vs. $5-10 for rubber or metal ) . i traded it in and went with a kalt rubber lens hood . 2 stars for the great bayonet design , but the rest of it is weak 
camera neg 72.txt i have known canon to be a very high quality company . however , i was deeply shocked and disappointed to find that this camera fails to meet the expectations i had about this camera . a few years ago i bought the fujiffilm 3800. i loved this camera but after a few ski trips i found it rather bulky . i then bought the canon s500 becaus of its small size and after many good reviews about the s400. for most of the pictures i take on a ski trip this camera is fine . however , if you are taking pictures other than outdoors in the daytime , this camera is worse than a disposable camera . first , there is no red-eye reduction . it simply does not work when i set it to take flash with red-eye reduction . second , pictures taken at dusk or dawn come out blurry . i would speculate that the shutter speed is way too slow and you would need a tripod . third , night picture ? ....forget about it . i tried to get a beatiful picture of the chicago skyline but the picture was underexposed . so , i tried the manual mode and played with the exposure settings and i could not get a setting that would produce non-blurry pictures . looks like i 'll be back in the market for a fujifilm . after all the reviews i 've read , i 'm waiting for the other shoe to drop ( e18 , lcd , etc. ) . not to mention the terrible service that i have been reading about 
music pos 293.txt if you do not own this album you must get your hand on a copy . it is the best debut album since definatly mayby . tracks like & quot ; golden touch&quot ; & quot ; v.i.c.e&quot ; well lets just say every song on the album is a bonnifide hit including the banging&quot ; stumbble and fall&quot ; which will have you tapping your toes from the first 2 seconds . if you like the libretines or the others or are just looking for a solid cd this is a must have 
music neg 87.txt there used to be a time when rap was not synonymous with the likes of hillary duff . no longer is that true , if you call this rap . puff was n't that good to begin with , and i never owned any of his cds but i knew of him...anyway , by the time i heard he changed his name to pdiddy , i about laughed until i pissed myself . ( ... 
music neg 773.txt these guys are not artists . they are unimaginative lamebrains unwittingly and badly rewriting already overplayed music from a long dead scene . it 's like a few monkeys build a house , and all the other monkeys rave about it , but in reality the house is just a banana tree with a welcome mat.. . whatever that means . i am constantly astounded as to how waste like this gets on the radio . buy this cd if you want to vomit everywhere . 
music neg 244.txt if you are looking for boring , lifeless adult contemporary music , then this cd is for you . if you are looking for a great guitar cd , this is n't it . i had such high hopes for this cd after the robert johnson cds and the cream reunion , but all winning streaks must come to an end , and clapton 's comes to a screeching halt with this . of all the eric clapton cds that i like , this is n't one of them . i 'm glad clapton is now in a happy place ( and deservedly so ) , but this cd just does n't do it for me 
camera neg 760.txt this is the 7th olympus camera i 've owned over the years , from film to digital . i have always been very pleased with olympus cameras and their usual superior optics . this camera , though , is a major disappointment , mainly because even though it can shoot in raw , there is no compatible conversion available yet , leaving you unable to process raw images . this renders the camera worthless at this time for serious pictures as you have no choice but to shoot in jpeg . olympus should have ensured that vendors such as adobe had the necessary information to make the compatible raw conversion plug-ins available before this camera hit the market . there 's no excuse for olympus to not have made sure this was the case , indeed it 's downright irresponsible . having said the above , the camera lens is quite nice , the camera itself operates well . you can take quite good pictures . however , the camera is not suitable for flash pictures in medium to low-light situations as there is significant lag time from the time you press the shutter to the picture actually being taken- -- -if you 're taking pictures of people , they will have moved by the time the picture is taken . the battery life is very good . the camera fits nicely in your palm . and , having a 28 - 500 mm lens is great . if you do n't shoot in raw and you do n't depend on flash photography , the camera is worth a look . otherwise , look at other products at this time 
camera pos 125.txt after way too much time infront of a pc reading reviews or a camera store counter ( damn i was sick of it ) , this d80 is what i chose . bought it 2 weeks ago and then went on a 10 day trip west . after draging it everywhere i has not let me down . for the price its perfect . i 'm still working out exactly how to make it work to its potential aswell as fighting understanding of other manufacturers camera layouts in my head ) at work i have a rebel xt i bought last year as i need its compact casing . my brother has the canon d30 after he progressed from the xt and a friend on the west coast has the d200. having experience both i still love what i chose . my biggest reason however for going again with nikon was that i already have a n6006 film camera with a lens and my hope was i could use its nikkor af 35-105mm with this camera and give myself more options . after reading lots of reviews as to whether this was possible and finally taking the lens to a shop i found it worked fine . experience in the field in the last 10 days has shown it does not work seemlessly buy that may well be me not the lens . the 2.5 inch lcd is sooo much easier to read than the rebel xt . the info read out on top is much better placed than the one above the lcd on the xt ( if obstructed in an architectural model shoot and i ca n't see through the viewfinder myself , i certainly ca n't see the info screen if its below it ) . i did n't go with the 18-135 in the end for a lens as there is a vinyetting issue at the high end which bothered me . i got a great deal for the same price at cameraland in new hampshire for the d80 and the ( d70s ) 18-70mm tried and trusted lens . fab . now need to save up and wait for the release of the 80-300 vr lens thats coming out . would love the 80-400 vr but its 3 times the price . my hardest time was finiding someone with it in stock , at a price i wanted to pay , the set up i wanted and who was n't trying to make a dodgie deal ( like some of those cheap web based places in nyc ) .it really was the hardest part of the purchase in the end . i was surprised . many people were almost reluctant to make a sale . it was wierd . parts are hard to get too apparently like a spare battery and very few places have the 18-135 lens instock either . anyway enjoy your purchase if you choose this camera . i hope it takes many great pictures for you . 
camera neg 442.txt nothing special and probably over-priced for what it is . the leather is nigh on invisible . it 's more of a skin to protect the camera from scratches , " case " would be stretching the definition somewhat 
camera pos 864.txt this flash is the perfect back-up for a studio , or main / flash fill for an amateur studio . i use several w / slaves and lines and the images rival set-ups that cost thousands of dollars . i like that they are light and easy to pack and transport . they are reasonably priced . they have been around for a long time and do not have bells and whistles . the sunpak has auto / f-stop and manual . if you are a real photographer , you will know how to use them . the down side is that if your sunpak is plugged into a wall , it takes far too long to recharge ( sometimes 3-5 seconds ) . rechargeable batteries seem to work the best with 1-3 second recharge times between flashes . 
music neg 290.txt greatest hits collections of rap artists are usually a pretty bad idea . most good rappers pack a visceral punch on first impact , but this wears thin with repeated listenings . this is especially true of gangsta rap . with what allegedly should represent the best work of b-t-h on one disk , this collection falls on its face trying to get around itself . arranged back to back , the rapid-fire syncopated delivery that constitutes virtually every track on this collection wears thin . the raps blur together , and after two songs , the obscenity-laced machine-gun vocal play loses its novelty value , sounding more like a stylized novelty than any type of artistic vision . once the raps lose their ability to hold your attention , all that remains are the rhythm tracks , which are serviceable at best . their biggest hit , " tha crossroads " , appears here in a version that is completely unrecognizable from its better-known form , further reducing the value of this collection . worse , they include a warmed-over version of " f - tha police " , an exercise in futility that only serves to dissipate the power of nwa 's original . spending money on this collection is like buying old newspaper articles . it might have had some value when it first hit the stands , but who wants yesterday 's papers ? c tom rya 
music neg 261.txt another torrent of mild tripe from everyone 's " favourite " dj , tiesto . what on earth is he going to do when the supply of inane , pastel-coloured eurovomit dance music runs out ? when i think about the number of times i 've heard him touted as " world 's number one best voted dj " or " dj mag top 100 finalist " , you 'd start to think that the man can actually mix records , when in fact rather than mix them , he tends to grind them together roughly into a nightmarish aural paste then reconfigure them violently in new , unusual and horrendously nauseating forms . i can absolutely confirm this . i have had the startling and displeasing experience of witnessing it live . the sad truth of the matter is , that there are any number of drug-addicted fluoro-pants-wearing 16 year old ravers out there , and all are quite willing to buy boring rubbish like this . or at least all are prepared to ask their mum and dad to buy it for them for xmas . i sign off in disgust 
music pos 701.txt this is such an good industrial album , that i was sitting and listening to it and all the adjectives that i wanted to use seemed not good enough . however , if i have to put one then it has to be these , brilliant , astounding , stupendous and awesome . this is probably one of the best industrial albums of all time . the first track is good and then it just gets better and better . in fact the first track is not as good as the other ones and could have been replaced with another track . the book-let is ok but the lyrics are missing , but still it is an important release since it showed that inudtrial bands are tallented muisicians and can sing . minphaser , life line , guna are some of the best made industrial tracks ever with the intricate layers of sounds , bets and samples . the keyboard sounds are constantly amazing and this is an album not to be missed if one likes industrial music 
music neg 781.txt golijov 's music incorporates jewish , arabic , christian , afro-brazilian , and other ethnic influences ad nauseum.. . so what ? listening to this disc is like having dental work done without novocaine . only diversity nazis who want to smugly bask in their own " enlightened " weltanschauung will find much to enjoy here . golijov cunningly caters to these folks ' taste . may he ride it all the way to the bank . 
camera neg 167.txt hey this is for everyone buying cameras over the world out of the united states , i have a problem with my camera and i do n't have anyone to help , i 've been trying some help in amazon 's help area but they just have thousands of links but any simple email where i can ask for some help , i do n't really understand why is this site so well known on & quot ; customer service&quot ; , but i just cannot communicate with no one in the company to ask anything , i 'm just mad about this , if anyone can help me to contact amazon or fujifilm please post an email or whatever cause there 's no such a thing like help in the & quot ; help area&quot ; . i need to repair my lcd monitor of my camera , it 's really fragile , so if you 're still thinking on buying in this site or even buying something from fujifilm , do n't do it , they do n't care about the customer satisfaction at all 
camera neg 163.txt just for the record , my lens has frozen as many others have complained on this and earlier casio models . presently in iraq , i do want to have a camera with me , but am not inclined to send it back in view of the reports of poor customer service . sad . it looked to be a great camera 
music neg 563.txt it ' curious how an interesting history can be not well told by a modern music . in some cases the music go to the hand with the story , but not in this cd , in which we say the music that it is not for the story . i did n't ejoyed with that c 
music neg 85.txt i used to like good charlotte , enough that i bought this cd , but i really do n't like them at all anymore . they try to look all punk , but they are pop . they whine a lot . i think it 's time to get over the fact that their dad left and they were uncool . they should at least stop doing songs about it . they have some ok melodies and words , but for the most part all their songs sound the same . good charlottes first two cd 's were almost good , but this one is bad and really whiny 
camera neg 756.txt i bought this camera after owning an olympus digital camera for years . i was extremely happy with my olympus , but wanted something smaller that would fit in my purse or diaper bag since i 'm expecting . this camera was such a disappointment . just about every single picture i took had huge white blobs all over it . ( this only happened when using the flash . i must admit the camera takes great pictures in broad daylight without the flash . ) plus , if you used the zoom at all , the pictures came out fuzzy . the first digital camera i ever owned ( 7 years ago ) took better pictures ! the store i bought the camera from would n't take it back because i waited two days past the 14-day return policy . so , i sold the camera and took a $100 loss . i 'd much rather lose $[...] than keep this camera 
dvd neg 623.txt avril 's music is ok but i hate this dvd . she 's trying to be " gothic " or whatever and it does n't work . it looks like she shopped at hot topic or something . avril , quit being goth ! you have no reason too ! and you are n't gothic . therefore , get singing lessons , and make a cd...because girl sorry you ca n't sing . but yeah , avril plays the guitar so it 's ok but 1 star for this goth imitation dvd 
music neg 914.txt this entire cd & hbo special is stolen material . all this material was originally written & performed by bill hicks . buy hicks dvd " bill hicks live - satirist , social critic , stand-up comedian " if you want the material in its true form http : / / www.amazon.com / exec / obidos / tg / detail / - / b0004z33fk / qid=1130712550 / sr=1-1 / ref=sr_1_1 / 104-5459925-2315938 ? v=glance&s=dvd bill hicks was also paid tribute on tool 's aenima album 
camera pos 807.txt i just got this camera recently along with the printer . setting up was very simple . the only problem i came across was putting the ribbon in the printer . you have to use your finger to remove the slack from the ribbon but it 's not that easy . when you put the ribbon in the printer it gets caught on something and could damage the ribbon . it takes time and tons of patients to get that ribbon in the printer . the pictures come out very nice and print even better . i washed a couple of pictures to test the quality and they came out flawless . this camera is a value and should n't be passed up . the screen on the camera is huge and the buttons take some time to get use too . if you have any further questions feel free to comment them and i 'll reply as possible 
camera pos 852.txt this diffuser is the same quality as the one that comes with the nikon sb 800 flash . it is much better than other aftermarket diffusers that require velcro . this is made to fit the sb 600 perfectly . it snaps on and off easily . angled at 75 degrees it provides excellent fill . i use it on the sb 600 set up as a slave with the sb 800 for fill and back lighting . it should have been included by nikon as original equipment but is inexpensive and cost effective . much better than the built in plastic flat diffuser 
camera neg 650.txt i just got this printer dock with a camera , and the printer feature is a real pain ! the paper will almost never feed no matter what i 've tried . when it does feed , it ends up jamming . i only successfully printed one picture and tried 7 others and then the laminate was gone . i 'm very unhappy with it and will probably send it back 
camera pos 234.txt the digital rebel is the most amazing camera i 've ever owned . my previous camera was a canon a90 and i loved using all the features on it [great camera ! ]. i decided recently that maybe i should graduate to a slr because i was starting to get more creative with my photography . i spent a great deal of time researching cameras and finally decided on the digital rebel . after a few months of owning it i still am amazed . the image quality is fantastic , it 's quick and responsive , and every day using it i learn a little more . it 's the perfect intro slr camera for me because everything makes sense and it 's easy to learn . i 've gotten amazing shots that i could never dream of getting with a point and shoot . if you are finding yourself wanting a little more than a point and shoot , go for this camera , you wont be sorry . 
camera pos 822.txt i purchase this lens for the digital rebel xt body i also purchased through amazon . so far the lens has performed as expected . it is solid and well built . sticks slightly , when zooming through 200mm . images are crisp and focus is sharp . working at 300mm can be a challenge without using a mono or tripod . shooting a bird in flight at 300mm is a trick . overall , good lens for $200. if you have more money , then a lens with image stabilization ( is ) would be the way to go . 
camera neg 890.txt i really like the size and weight of the camera . it is very easy to use and the picture quality is pretty good . i had to return the cam because the motor noise is unacceptable . i recorded some scenes while skiing and the whiny noise is very noticeable , even outdoors . all the other reviewers claiming the cam records motor noise are dead on . i will spend a bit more money and get the sony hcr-dc96 instead 
music pos 130.txt i just refreshed my ears listening to " riot " again ! getting to to hear 1 / 2 full , which clocking in at just over 4 minutes , is sheer electric blues magic . the price of this album is worth this one rocker alone . it was nice to see it on " easy street " ( along with lukin ' excellent ! ) any way this number totally kicks ! definitely get this if you do n't already own it . 
music neg 327.txt i love destiny 's child...but this cd...big disappointment . the best songs on the entire cd were probably lose my breath , cater 2 u and girl...big disappointment...i just wasnt feeling the cd when i bought it. . 
music pos 328.txt this cd has so much going on and going for it - it 's one of the number one releases this year for jazz fans . lee ritenour is one of those guitarists who sculpted much of the west coast evolutions in jazz during the 80 's and you can hear why people followed his flavor on these tracks . he 's never sounded better and the musicians who contributed with him on this cd are tight and magnificent in their own right . " blue in green " is one of my favorite jazz compositions by miles davis and ernie watts on tenor sax more than does it justice . " ocean ave . " is as breezy and beachy as i think it 's meant to be . my favorite tracks are easily " she walks this earth " ( ivan lins ' vocals are bossa nova beautiful ) , " blue in green " and predictably for me " papa was a rolling stone " with powerful , crystal clear , unique trumpet by chris botti and soulful , rhythmic vocals by kenya hathaway and grady harrell . i went looking for that track because i am transfixed by chris botti 's trumpet and what i found was a remarkable cd in its entirety . happy me . ; 
camera pos 86.txt i won the kodak printer at a scrapbook convention & then went on the hunt to find the refills at a reasonable price . purchasing the 160 count made the price per print the lowest & beat out anything i could find in the local stores . it is a great convenience to be able to whip out a 4x6 print instead of having to download it to a store 's website , wait a few days , go there & pick it up , etc. great value 
music pos 61.txt umm...i do n't think you quite got the point of this album . it is not about the artists that you like , it is about the artists that inspired moore . your ignorance forces me to do nothing but laugh . i find it funny that you feel you are making a point by saying " f*ck you soad " and so on . have some respect for other 's opinions . unfortunately , you are a steriotypical " ignorant american " .so with all that said , and with all due respect , i say , f*ck you pal 
camera pos 165.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them 
music neg 980.txt i love plenty of contemporary country music.. . everything from " new bluegrass " ( alison krauss & union station ) to " new country " like reba mcentire , rascal flatts , brad paisley , martina.. . even a lot of faith & shania . but i think this cd is crap . the single star is for the only good song on the album , " heads carolina , tails california " - - but really , 1 star for one good song out of ten is a bit too generous . i 'm astounded at how bad the other 9 songs are.. . elementary-school rhyming , uninspired melody lines , stupid lyrics , below-average accompaniment , etc. one of the most annoying things to me is her habit of overpronnouncing every word in a song.. . i 'd guess someone told her at some point that she slurs her words , and she was trying to overcompensate . the result should be titled " hooked on phonics , starring jodee messina . " listen to the preview of " on a wing and a prayer " for a good example of what i 'm talking about . i thank my lucky stars i borrowed this cotton candy from the library , rather than shelling out $16 for one song . do yourself a favor and buy " heads carolina , tails california " online if you must have it 
music pos 912.txt two of the greatest names in show business at their zenith . there are so many good tracks on this set that it 's hard to pick out some over the others . a couple of superb standouts are jolson 's " swanee " and " rock-a-bye , " although every track is just excellent . the sound quality on the set is outstandingly great . i hope the people that put this set together will do the same incredible job with other classic recordings by jolson and crosby 
dvd pos 276.txt i was stunned by this movie . i learned of it and purchased it in 2003. for various reasons it remains for me the best , most emotional movie i have seen about musicians and their music . the producer chose well : he found the songwriters that shaped country and rock for the next 30 years : townes van zandt , rodney crowell , steve earle , guy clark , steve young , john hiatt , charlie daniels and a tribute to the late skinny dennis , immortalized in guy clark 's " la freeway . " i wish david allen coe had been left out , but no film is perfect . the songwriters are shown at their best and worst : a drunken , funny tvz falls into a rabbit hole and silent night is rendered by fine musicians too drunk to remember the lyrics . this movie was made when i was a poor student and musician with a small circle of talented friends in tampa at the university of south florida . the difference is that most of my friends and i got straight jobs [we still tried to make a difference] but these musicians changed the world , just a little . i married the singer / business major i met at usf and divorced 30 years later . i still play guitar , write and record at home and dream of making it in music - but mostly i learn songs written by artists like those in this movie and try to understand the magic they have that still captures me . when tvz sang ' waiting around to die ' he brought tears to the eyes of his 70+ blacksmith neighbor , while cindy comforts him . it was magical . tvz does a " medley of my hit " and sings " pancho and lefty , " and rodney crowell sang " bluebird wine , " both covered by emmylou . steve young 's " alabama highways " was wonderful too . it was a look into my past - and the past and future of the intelligent , emotional music i love best . 
music neg 173.txt je suis un peu du par cet album.. . c'est morne , le son est pas top.. . a trane dans les longueurs.. . bref ennuyeux ! mais bon il faut se mettre  l' poque aussi ! a  qd mme 13 ans 
camera neg 82.txt these are my experiences with the extender mounted to my eos 10d . i 'm currently debating whether or not to buy it for my new 30d , but it looks like i do n't want to risk wasting my money . let me explain : let me start by saying that the only reason i gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is because it did prevent my nose from smudging the lcd screen . i shoot events at nightclubs a lot , so i 'm always ( a ) running around to get shots , causing me to sweat , which causes a sweaty and oily nose tip and ( b ) i always show the subjects their photos after i take them , so having a smudgy screen can be kind of annoying . for further clarification , i 'm asian , so my nose is not as defined or long as other ethnicities . i run around a lot when i shoot . so the constant activity eventually led the extender to naturally fall off . i got lucky once , and found it in the general vicinity of where i was , but the second time , i was n't so lucky . so what did i do ? i purchased another one . not only did i have to purchase the extender , i had to purchase the viewfinder replacement ( the piece with the soft rubber ) because that was attached to the lost extender . another 2 weeks in , and again , same problem . i did n't even bother buying any replacements , as by this time , i upgraded to the 30d . if you do n't plan on doing a lot of running around , then this piece may be okay for you . however , please take into consideration that this piece also fell off for me while putting my camera back in my canon backpack . for some reason , the piece did n't fit tightly with the mount on the camera . another problem , as most people mentioned , is that images are very noticeably smaller through this extender , so be prepared to have strained eyes if you plan on using your camera all day . i guess i 'll check it out at my local camera shop and see how it fits with the 30d ; i 'll be sure to write another review if the results are different than with the 10d 
music neg 107.txt this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " . 
camera pos 339.txt nice quality , but overpriced . does a nice job of protecting the front of the lens , and reducing glare in some situations 
camera neg 896.txt hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! ! 
dvd neg 452.txt what a disaster . stay away from this film . i was so disappointed- -how could this have won the academy award ? ! the story is rambling and confused , as if the filmmakers could n't decide what story they wanted to tell . the animation is very average , with the exception of a few striking scenes of natural landscapes . in fact , those all-important " happy feet " of the main character just kind of jerk and slide around a bit . ( that 's supposed to be tap-dancing ? that 's supposed to be " animation ? " ) the jokes are n't particularly funny ( with the exception of a few moments in the middle where robin williams briefly shines ) . and oddly enough for a film whose central conceit centers on music and dancing , there 's not a single original song , or even an inspired remake of any of the songs . think " billy elliot " meets " the march of the penguins " with some of gore 's " an inconvenient truth " mixed in- -without any of the wit , charm , intelligence , passion , or beauty in any of those films . ( did i mention that this film is a disaster ? ) perhaps most annoyingly , like the rest of the story , the underlying political message alternates between cliched , confused , and heavy-handed . the ending is especially unbearable , with its tacked-on feel and absurd psuedo-environmentalist feel-good solution . what a joke ! personally , i consider myself quite liberal and sympathetic to environmentalist positions ( i 've been a vegetarian for more than 20 years , and a member of sierra club and peta , for example ) , yet the way this movie presents its misguided message offended me greatly- -not least because of the utter inconsistency and incomprehensibility of the message . one final note for those of you with children : this is not really a kids movie . most of the jokes wo n't be understood by children under 15. for kids under 6 , all this feeble film offers is some too-scary " shamus " ( orcas ) , a terrifyingly ferocious sea lion inexplicably made to growl like a dinosaur and given outsized teeth in a deformed mouth , and a jarring ending that suddenly switches to live-action scenes where adults heatedly debate environmental action in such kid-friendly forums as the united nations ! ( what the heck ? ! ) after sitting through the entire film to this point , my four-year-old son finally turned to me and quietly said , " this is not a movie for me . " i could n't have agreed more 
music neg 459.txt disappointing to see a man of garbarek 's gifts drift inexorably towards artistic middle-age and the lure of mor classical and soft world-beat markets . no one expects him to do a ' jazz ' album nowadays but after a six-year recording hiatus we might have expected some innovation and sharpness in the settings he chooses . sadly , the evidence on this release is of an artist who 's content to mine the same musical territory for about 15 years now to the point of exhaustion ; theres nothing here he has n't said better on his previous three or four outings . all is not lost though , and there are moments of stark beauty here and there but they are mostly lost in a soft sticky morass of garbarek cliches and the kind of uninspired composition better suited to a film soundtrack or tv documentary about some beautiful natural environment . forget the misleading hype elsewhere and get hold of just about any of his albums from about 1972 through to 1987 and i guarantee you 'll feel better for it 
music pos 73.txt cool cd...have n't heard it in probably 15 to 20 years...it was fun to hear it again....funny though , it 's a bit different than the way i remember it 
camera neg 529.txt this camera takes blurry pictures straight out of the box . one mistake i made was to not take my own sd card to the camera shop and look at the output . i thought the blurry image i was seeing at the camera store was because of the low resolution screen but it really is the camera . i 've missed too many pictures of my kids and am in the process of buying a new camera a short 2 months after buying this . casio support was responsive and tried to help but nothing appears to work . and point and shoot is definately not an option . i thought it would be nice to take quick pictures of the kids but none of them are worth keeping . i 've taken over 200 pictures and i will not print any of them . 
camera pos 625.txt this review is for the coolpix 5900 with 5mp . you will not be displeased with this camera if you are in the market for a compact digital camera . this little baby lies comfortably in your pocket until you want it and rarely fails to deliver , no matter what lighting obstacles you throw in it 's path . the footprint is amazingly small for a 5mp and you 'll be amazed at the functionality . i found the video / movie feature to be a real useful tool that surprises most people with the great clarity and utterly blown-away at night shots in poor light . think of las vegas lights on the strip , or a crowd of people in thin night light . this camera handled it all . the sd card is easy to access , and i recommend a 1gb size so you can take your time with movies . otherwise a 512mb card will give you about 300 photos . but i warn you , you will be bitten by the movie bug and want to use this more and more ( provided you have disk space or burn the excess to dvds ) . i also recommend the san disk ultra ii sd cards for fast recovery speeds , so you do n't have to wait for each shot to record before going to the next shot ( this is 5 mp and that 's a lot of pixals to store ) . the roll on the side of the body enables you to keep a tight grip on it with one hand shots - a feature many small cameras lacked . the battery life is exceptional , but as always , buy a backup for travel . the hit of one star was for the frustratingly small on / off button . i know they designed it so that it wo n't accidentally turn on in your pocket , but my fat finger is not the best tool... . the 2 inch lcd is not protected like others too , but so far seems pretty tough , rolling around in my pocket with sunglasses and other things that so far have not scratched it . 
music pos 860.txt i was very young to really appreciate the in-s and outs of this band and the members between sammy , roth and evh ! i honestly can consider myself a newbie to this time-tested rockers . i just downloaded this off of itunes and i can tell u folks , every track is amazing ! its like when lars ( metallica ) said once : " i was always amazed with g&r " ...if i may borrow this line , i had always heard of the great evh vs. hagar vs roth but honestly never appreciated this guitar work before today ! evh is an amazing talent and it will continue to influence i am sure allot of new artists . my brother in law was debating with us about slash , sammy , evh , and edge ( u2 ) , clapton and apparently they all chose evh . i did n't believe it till i heard it ! evh is an inspiration . anyone interested even remotely in any of these guys in evh 's history , should get this album because it is truly harnesses from almost all the worlds evh has been to and in ! 
camera pos 892.txt good product , probably the best digital frame in the market . drawbacks are the user interface and the difficulty to set-up the wireless connection 
camera pos 82.txt holds all my lenses , camera body , remote , card reader , etc.. . with room to spare . compares to bags costing 3 times more . 
camera neg 786.txt this is not at all suitable for young children . it 's awkward and difficult to use . we 're sending it back . totally inappropriate for children 
camera pos 126.txt first of all i do not consider myself anything more than a very beginning photographer ! ! ! so i will not go into anything technical . i will leave that to people who know more than i do . but what i am is an international traveler . i simply got tired of coming home from fantastic trips with " snapshots " . i wanted someting much better , and boy did i get it with this camera . i looked at the d70s and since i have very small hands , i could never feel comfortable holding it . this camera is smaller without being small . i have only taken photos locally , but at this time of the year with the leaves changing it makes a good start . the built in editing features ( filters etc. ) are wonderful to work with . i would highly recommend this camera to anyone who wants something more than " point and shoot " snap shots 
camera neg 108.txt i purchased this bag because i did not wnat to spend a ton of money on a case to protect my canon rebel eos digital camera . i only have 2 lenses , but the bag is capable of holding the camera and 4 lenses as well as pockets for cables , batteries , etc. i think this is a great unit , for the beginner ( like me ) or the pro . 
music neg 154.txt after reading so many positive reviews , i was very exited when i recieved this cd in the mail . i popped it in my bose wave radio , turned it up to 85 , and listened to the most annoying hissing sound i 've ever heard coming from my system . i regret purchasing this cd 
camera neg 823.txt i recommend not to purchase this item . look for another one . the lens itself seems ok , although i ca n't really say , but the adapter which is built in to the lens is shoddy and cumbersome and ruins the the whole deal . the adapter is a quick release type where one end attaches to the camera and the lens simply snaps in , or is quickly released . this would be great , except for two very important things . one , the lens fits very loosely in the quick release adapter . this causes some major distortion , especially when moving . two , the housing is made of thin plastic which does not seem very durable . in fact it is so cheaply thin that i am afraid to leave it in my car because the heat may distort the plastic . one drop , even a small one , and it is done for 
dvd neg 531.txt i saw this movie about two weeks ago and i ca n't believe how disappointed i am for this . i was expecting fireworks ; instead i got a truckload of bad karma on my head . not only that but it maybe the most over-the-top film i ever saw and it will be on my list of the worst movies i ever saw . to begin with half of the characters die in this film and i was like ' what is the meaning ? ' then there 's the film 's signature moment in which sinatra wakes up from his nightmare and they do it in such a matter that they put his face right at the camera . again i said to myself , ' what 's the point ? ' and then there 's the chilling climax which would be totally ripped off a year later by the kennedy assassination-from the scoped rifle right down to james gregory 's character getting shot in the head . in one of the documentries to this dvd director william fredkin says that there is no doubt this movie caused lee harvey oswald to kill president kennedy because ' oswald realized that he was raymond shaw . ' if he 's right that raises the question : did he do it by his beliefs or did someone push him over ? then fredkin ends his obseravation by saying that the release of " the manchurian candidate " and the death of president kennedy are the two events that made the 1960 's what it is and why people today ( including me ) are still obessed with that decade . in conclusion , i think this was a big disappoinment . and this movie is on the list of afi 's 100 greatest films ? please . 
music neg 509.txt 1. let 's get it started : d- . why not start now 17 with a bad song ? 2. lean back : f . continuing until futher notice.. . 3. goodies : f . 4. i like that : f . 5. ch-check it out : c- . beastie boys are n't that good anymore . 6. my place : f . starting to continue again.. . 7. sunshine : f . 8. you & me : f . 9. why ? : f . 10. locked up : f . 11. baby it 's you : f . 12. angels : f . 13. one thing : d- . 14. dare you to move : d- . 15. cold : a+. alert ! alert ! we have issued a good song ! 16. pieces of me : a+. gotta love ash. 17. take me out : a+. awesome ! 18. 1985 : b- . it 's just ok . 19. here for the party : f . eww ! 20. days go by : f . country sucks ! another now futuring only 4 good songs , " cold " , " take me out " , " pieces of me " , and " 1985 " . skip this one 
music neg 30.txt having watched most , if not all of john waters films i was sorely dissapointed by this album , obviously his name was put to something he had n't quite looked deeply enough in to . talk about misleading . as we all know john waters has a certain reputation for sleaze , trash , camp , kitch and bad taste in all the best possible terms , this album had none of this . shame on you john waters for putting your name to a complete load of rubbis 
music pos 916.txt i do n't see how they can compare these guys to the mars volta or coheed and cambria . i can hear the prog elements but it 's more of a rush kind of prog rock , shorter 3 minute songs compared to 12 minute epics . they are missing the one thing that would make them a true prog rock band : the songs just are n't as epic as a tmv or a c&amp ; c song . i think reviewers liken brazil to these other bands because their singer has a high pitched singing voice . this is still an amazing album that is well worth your time . go into it expecting sparta rather than the mars volta and you wo n't be disappointed 
camera neg 399.txt bought this as an xmas present to myself - to bring along family photos while on business travel . i 'm now on the 2nd unit ( exchanged directly w / phillips ) , and am still having the same issue with it not reliably working with external ( in my case , sony memory sticks ) . the internal memory is pitiful , and unless you want to resize all the photos you put in it , you are not going to be able to hold very many internally . i 've yet to get the auto on / off feature to work , and while it is perhaps a pc friendly device , it 's certainly not always mac friendly - the controls are cumbersome to work with , and the directions meager . i wanted to be able to carry this in a backpack or carryon bag , the fact that the support stand ca n't be folded tight against the unit makes it difficult to do this - of course , no mention of this in the product description . also no mention that it only supports older memory sticks - no support for the new , ms produo sticks ( and no mention of that in the product descriptions either ) i thought i would get a quality product from phillips , and this certainly looked like it had potential - unfortunately , it 's turned out to be a piece of junk , one i 've been screwing around with for so long that it 's probably not returnable . do n't waste your time and dollars...................... . 
music neg 207.txt the music of dowland is wonderful - but sting is n't up to interpreting it . you ca n't even distinguish the words half the time , just a jumble of nice sounds from his pretty tenor - he does n't possess the skills to carry it off . this music has to be interpreted by someone with an ability to express thoughts in heightened language...sting , for all his merits , has n't got that in his repertoire yet . it 's an exercise in pretention , laughable at times . the letter reading is ridiculous . i love both sting 's voice and dowland 's song , but this cd is a failure . 
health neg 83.txt the pedometer arrive held prisoner in a difficult-to-open plastic cell - - what are these " packaging engineers " thinking ? it took me ten minutes and two ruined fingernails to open it , and then i took the scissors to it , and the hard packaging almost broke them ! but i was thrilled . a handsome object , thought i , and i loved the clip in the back that you pinch to open . so much better than having to wrestle it down over a soft waistband . i yanked out the plastic battery protector and set to work to rev the thing up to speed . but , alas , it would not follow instructions as they were written . " press and hold the set button . hour display blinking . " ( could they not have said , " the hour display will blink " ? i pressed . " press memory button to adjust the hour . " i did . the memory button never did a thing . so i asked a friend of mine to try and he had no luck either . we both tried several combinations of maneuvers , but nothing worked . to this moment , the hour display is blinking , blinking , blinking . i 'd like to get my money back , but ya know what ? j & r music & computer world in ny demand such a rigamarole to send it back , including with all the original packaging ( i threw the op in the trash ) , that you almost have to be a genius in packaging to follow their instructions , which , of course , are not designed to benefit the consumer but to benefit only themselves . now i 'm afraid this pedometer will follow its packaging into the trash , while i will make sure i never order from j&r again . 
camera pos 553.txt i purchased this for my canons500. i have it for over a year now and it is still as good as new . good quality construction and a great look & feel 
music pos 927.txt no use thumbing the pages of cale 's elegant scrapbook of an autobiography , ' what 's welsh for zen ? , to glean hard data on this one melodic gem . coming after the heady , if problematic days of the velvets , there 's barely an acknowledgement of it as he strides into his rock format . the abrasive thrashing rock of ' mcbeth ' ( while indicating his imminent direction ) serves the one discordant note . throughout , cale namedrops to effect learnedness without destroying the mood of a distant past . language had been severed from lineal meaning , in rock , since bob went electric . pete brown writing for jack bruce 's towering masterpieces , ' songs for a sailor ' , & ' harmony row ' ; keith reid with procul harum , were mixing up the lyric medicine , presumably with other pharmacuticals & making sumptuous music on a par with ' paris 1919' . that date ? the birth of surrealism , ( and similar writing to cale 's efforts herein ) perhaps ? the russian revolution ? cale 's singing on 1919 had a world weary distance to it , which suited the reflective jabberwocky of the songs ; stretched out vowells on , ' planing lakes ' , ' elephants that sing ' , ' looking out from here at half past france . ' it was far from banal music , however saccharine the orchestral moves from strings , viola & piano cale painted . these lyrics were baffling but made perfect poetic sense when sung . ' locusts ' was something of a revisiting to this pastoral mood but lacks the roundedness . ' fragments of a rainy season ' is a good retrospective concert . and some of the fuge written around the hommage to andy warhol is very moving stuff . go john 
camera neg 98.txt hello all , lens hoods are pretty much a necessity , but this has to be the mostly poorly made hood i 've ever used . unlike other hoods that screw on , this one requires you to press to opposing clips and then slide the hood one , and release the clips . this leads to problems of alignment , meaning both sides of the clip need to be perfectly aligned in order for the hood to fit right . although it 's a pain and i hate...i do n't really have another alternative . either go w / o a hood , or take this one . either way , guess i 'd rather have a hood on the lense than not having one 
music pos 830.txt i heard the chairman dances and went right to amazon to order this . this ia a lovely little gem of a cd , and it is so pleasing to find john adams , another great modern american composer . i 'm also a fan of composers such as christopher rouse , for example , and joe leniado chira is my cousin . modern composers are a precious resource that we should explore , demand more of and nurture . we afficianados would like to see symphony orchestras and ensembles giving more attention to the modern genre . meanwhile , john adams has impressed me with this disc . the chairman dances is my favorite . i can just see chairman mao doing a vigorous foxtrot to this , and tricky dick feeling jealous . this might be the music that opened china to the west 
books neg 684.txt first off anyone who gave this book five stars was employed by the publisher to up the rating that simple . i mean look at some of them they are so cheesy one of them actually refers to the author as mr. miller who is he brown nosing for sounds like a greeting card they are so " textbooky " and insincere . the book itself is almost entirely filler on how to read music ( which half the music books in borders are or they are just giant scale books that are reemed out like saw dust totally useless , which leads to the great difficulty on how to actually find an explantion to this jargon and then someone comes along and says they have an answer that will make things clear but then they fall short ) up until half the the book and many times periodically things are just repeated terminology loosely defined such as hook which is just recording industry jargon not theory . book never goes into the physical principals that would actually explain some things in it as to why the notes themselves are in the order they are such as acoustics , never got an answer as to what a whole step or a half step was by the way and when i asked many teachers and questioned them they knew nothing or gave a circular answer defining it themselves without an outside reference only to find that they were just parroting it all along . the problems with this is everything is assumed in the entire field . i recommend the only book that i have found that made some sense to me called fractals in music by charles madden much more organized and assembles things from the very beginning working into more and more complex shapes and structures . 
music neg 569.txt garbage metal - music for the american mainstream to feed on . i saw them open for slayer about 4-5 years back , and they had about 5 guys on stage doing nothing except jumping up and down . how pathetic ! pick up some real metal... . like old kreator . 
camera neg 741.txt did not get kodak max , instead recieved regular kodak crv3 battery . i thought i was ordering a better version , seller needs to change misleading picture ! 
music pos 2.txt on one hand , this cd is a straight ahead instrumental rocker , but johnny a really shows how great he is with ballads , such as his covers of " wichita lineman , " and " yes it is. " in fact , those two ballads alone are worth the price of the cd by themselves . but johnny a can flat kick your ass , too . he 's a biker and his tunes like oh yeah , in the wind and two wheel horse are named for his other hobby . and they rock , but there 's nothing cliched or tired in his style . he always seems to be looking for new ways to say something . i saw him in person at the triple door in seattle sometime in february 2005 in a power trio format and he played most of the tunes on this album . the guy is one amazing guitar player . he played his signature gibson hollow body , fitted with a vibrato tailpiece ( bigsby ? it was like the old chet atkins " country gentleman " model ) and he utilized a battery of foot pedal effects , coming eventually through a pair of marshall combo amps . the guy had some of the best clean tones i 've ever heard from anyone , anywhere . basically , johnny a is a guitarist who has complete command of the instrument . and he 's got a rocking soul that cuts loose on originals and covers alike in a style that 's all his own , and that 's saying something these days . if you love great rocking / rockabilly guitar , combined with really cool ballad playing in the power trio format , this cd is just what you 're looking for . in fact , i guarantee you 'll be knocked out . five stars . 
music neg 905.txt i knew this would n't be the sia from zero 7 's album . little did i know exactly how bad she could be without the superior talents zero 7 have behind the mixing boards . the song production is terrible . i could n't find one song i really liked on this cd . sia truly has a unique voice but it 's evident that good production can make a star out of a flashlight . still , i 'm severely disappointed , particularly because i had to pay for this cd as an import 
camera pos 937.txt just like any other minidv tape . good pric 
camera pos 735.txt i did a lot of research before buying this camera . we could have bought a higher quality digital camcorder for less or higher quality minidv camcorder for the same price . what led to our final decision to purchase this camcorder was the fact we could record straight to a 8cm dvd-r , finalize the disc on the camcorder , and play it directly on our dvd player or dvd-rom player on our computer . we did n't want to deal with sticking cables and wires into the tv , electrical outlet , and camera to playback footage . and we also did n't want to deal with the cost and trouble of transferring footage onto dvds to keep in our video library for the future . for those of you who like to edit , re-record , create effects , etc. , you need to purchase special software separately , but with a dvd-ram disc , you have the ease and convenience of doing it all from your dvd-rom on your computer . you can also download it with the usb cable , but it is nice to be able to just pop it in the dvd drive and get started . if you are only interested in playback , dvd-r discs are sufficient ; however , you ca n't erase or record over footage on dvd-rs , only dvd-rw and dvd-ram discs . the picture quality of the camera is adequate . it is n't grainy , but smooth and actually very nice in the right lighting , especially outside on a sunny day . it does n't have a built-in light , so you have to be aware of the right surroundings and environment for recording . i would give the picture quality a 3.75 out of 5. if you want better quality , you will need to buy a more expensive dvd camcorder . considering how far we have come over the years with home video technology , it definitely beats those days images were out of focus and grainy . you ca n't compare it to tv and movie camera quality , but i think it is pretty darn good for home videos . the zoom is good , but of course it takes some time to focus if you zoom in or out too quickly . the stabilizer is pretty good , but i keep it off for the most part to get better picture quality . if you plan to move around a lot , use the function , but expect to lose a little quality in the process . what basically happens when using the stabilizer ( with most cameras , i believe ) is that the image movements are slightly delayed . the sound quality is adequate , but if you are recording when it is windy , you will pick up a lot of the wind sounds unless you block the microphone with your hand . the only problem i have had so far is with the discs . we bought panasonic dvd-rw discs and ca n't get them to play on our computer or in our dvd player . we ended up purchasing sony dvd-r discs and they play with no problem . when i called panasonic about their dvd-rw discs , they did n't have a good answer . the representative told me to make sure the dvd-rw discs are compatible with my players . i told her they may not be compatible with my dvd player , but it should be with my new computer software . the representative just repeated herself and eventually said there is n't any difference between sony and panasonic discs ( interesting ) . they make the claim that panasonic discs work the best in the manual , but now i know better . overall , this camcorder is a great value ( you ca n't beat the price for this dvd technology ) , average to good quality picture and functions , is excellent for the ease and convenience of dvd playback and storage , and is really easy to use . 
music pos 422.txt only 2 words can describe this great cd and they are ( simply incerdible ) im only 17 but i know great oldschool when i hear it and this is fantastic musi 
camera pos 98.txt i have owned this camera for about two months now and have taken about 100 photographs ( keepers ) to date . because i have been involved in photography for almost 35 years , i have developed certain prejudices . in particular , i have never been comfortable with auto exposure and even less comfortable with auto focus . in fact , the last auto focus camera i owned was a nikon n8008s that i ultimately sold at auction because i could not adapt to using the various auto settings . however , i like this camera . why ? the d70s is a very easy camera to use and i have only had to refer to the manual to check on a couple of settings and look up some features . honestly , set up takes only a few minutes and handling is not terribly different from a film camera . i should point out that this camera is really designed for auto focus lenses and if you choose to use your manual focus lot , you will disable many of the camera 's features . because i am both stubborn and cheap ( but mostly only when it comes to spending money on myself ) i am using my manual focus lenses on this camera . it is true that i do not get any internal exposure meter readings and must rely on a handheld gossen or the sunny 16 rule ( quite effective , really ) for exposure determination . the lcd preview screen thus is critical for determining or adjusting exposure . i should also point out that the depth of field preview feature is also lost when using manual focus lenses . i was stunned when i could not stop my lens down and burrowed through the manual to find out what i was doing wrong- -which was nothing except that i was using the wrong type of lens . while i really miss this feature , i am not sure how big a loss it really is because of the viewfinder . others have made mention of the low magnification and tunnel like views through the finder and i can attest to this fact . i compared finder views to my trusty old fm and was just stunned by how poorly the d70 compared . ultimately the best camera is the camera you use and the d70 has become my camera of choice . even though i am using this camera like a vintage m series leica- -i.e . , handheld meter and presetting exposure in anticipation of a photograph- -i find that i can live with this level of usability . at some point i will probably buy an auto focus lens ( maybe the 35 f2 ) and make full use of the feature set . but for now i content on using the camera the old fashioned way 
music pos 95.txt like many of the highly talented and innovative groups of the 1980 's , the pet shop boys were ahead of their time . this album was purchased mainly for " west end girls " and " it 's a sin . " play this album from beginning to end without interruption - it 's fantastic . " loves comes quickly " emerges for me as the best of the pet shop boys remarkable and unique sound - a composition reflecting orchestral complexity and pulsating energy . the great contributions of great britain and australia to music in the 1980 's in my opinion comes largely from their composers and performers effectively combining the power and harmonic complexity of some classical music compositions of the mid 1920 's to the early 1950 's ( no doubt the origins of some great movie scores ) with the emerging sophistication and always present upbeat effect of rock and roll . you will love the pet shop boys 
books pos 281.txt this book still does not address many areas i find interesting in james brown 's career but i find it a natural companion to the three other jb books in my collection : cynthia rose 's " living in america : the soul saga of james brown " ; geoff brown 's biography " james brown " ; and ofcourse , the brown / tucker " the godfather of soul - james brown " . all three dig deep into this metaphysical musician 's mind but this one has a stronger narrative , a bit less guarded : his late ' 80s fall is described in a more contrite way , for example . his scientific study of his audience is perhaps something new in his dialogue - but he broaches the subject of how music motivates women in a different way than it does men , then immediately moves on to the next thought . even by 2005 standards his live albums contain some of the most overt sexuality , obviously directed at the female fans , ever recorded . similarly , his admonitions to admonishes contemporary rap / hip-hop artists are eloquent but must be deemed a bit self-righteous : there is alot of " adult " content in his catalogue which ca n't be explained away as " art " . however , fans can trace his development into more " cerebral " music , with more and more sensitive ballads and socially-conscious tunes being produced from the late ' 60s on . i was happy to read his description of little richard 's assistance in his early career , but a bit disheartened when he suggested that penniman was basically a rock and roll raver - i find it hard to believe that this publication brought out his true feelings about his georgia neighbor - the influence is quite obvious and not just on " chonnie on chon " . another depressing ommission is with marva whitney , his popular lead female vocalist from c . '67 to ' 70. a recent documentary reveals that marva traveled to vietnam with the star but here he simply says that he was only allowed to travel with a small part of his musical backup . despite the above concerns , with this book james brown has shown the literary world that he is a writer . ofcourse this was obvious to the musical world - just listen to " do n't be a drop out " , " i do n't want nobody to give me nothing " , " the man in the glass " , " i 'm not demanding " , " it 's christmas time " , and " peace in the world " 
music neg 100.txt gnr were a very overrated band . i found appetite for destruction very dull . this atleast has the band 's 3 great songs in november rain , civil war , and live and let die . get this for 3 great songs but stay away from gnrs other crappy songs and albums ! ! they are not metal ! 
music pos 834.txt i have been a fan for jaci velasquez for the past eight years and enjoy hearing her voice in both languages . i do not speak spanish but enjoy her artistic abilities none the less . this album lived up to the velasquez name in my book - my family and i only really enjoy the traditional sounding christmas carols and tend to not enjoy the revised versions . jaci 's album not only made sure the carols were sung traditionally but she has given us a gift a couple new songs that will be added to my christmas traditions ! overall i love this album and the only reason i did not give it a full five stars was that i am done with that chipmunk song . sorry everybody . 
music pos 545.txt " the essential jimmie rodgers " is highly recommended for any serious country music fan . if anyone is the genuine article , it is jimmie . listeners will recognize some old favorites among the tracks including " frankie and johnny " , " mule skinner blues " and " t for texas " . there are also fine versions of " waitin ' for a train " and " in the jailhouse now " though some may prefer jerry lee lewis ' version of the former and the webb pierce recording of the latter . the most interesting tracks are less well known . these include " my old pal " , " my old sunny south by the sea " and one devoted not to a mother but a father ( ! ) - " daddy and home " . for this reviewer , the album hit its high point on the final track , a mournful " tb blues " , a reference to the disease that took jimmie 's life at 35. while jimmie 's yodeling style may not be for everyone , this reviewer considers this album a safe bet . keep in mind that jr was elected to both the country and rock and roll hall of fame . further , the " essential " series of albums rarely disappoints . these almost always sponsor well - produced compilations of our past heroes best efforts . " the essential jimmie rodgers " certainly falls into that category 
dvd neg 886.txt first , let me say , i love koyaanisqatsi , the original film in this trilogy . koyaanisqatsi is a true visual poem that tells a straight forward story about what we humans are doing to the earth . the second film in the trilogy , powaqqatsi , was n't as good as the first but it was still fairly understandable as a critique of how humans exploit one another . naqoyqatsi could have been the best in the series since it had ample opportunity to show us the horrors of war . instead , it comes off as a sophomoric exercise in video experimentation , nothing more . if not for philip glass ' music , i would not have given this film any rating at all . i write this criticism in hopes that godfrey reggio sees it . he should pull this travesty off the market and reshoot the entire film with stronger footage showing us , as clearly as he did with " koy " , why war ( the topic of " naq " ) is so horrific . if you want an effective critique of violence , try " clockwork orange " . naqoyqatsi is simply a mess 
music neg 168.txt dull and uninspiring , listening to this cd i could n't see what distinguished the doves from the other insipid sound-a-like bands that plague the modern music scene . if you like the white stripes , franz ferdinand , arctic monkeys , the killers then be grateful that they 've saved rock music from boring dross like this 
dvd pos 454.txt overall , this is an extremely awesome concert . i am a big fan of dt , and like pretty much all their stuff . the performance itself is pretty good , although the only truly special thing they do is the instrumedley and jordan 's keyboard solo . other than that they pretty much just play their songs as you hear them on the album . if they had done more special things , it would have gotten a 5 star rating instead of 4. other people complain about how the band really doesnt get into their music during the performance , but would say they did okay as far as that goes . sure the singer doesnt get out from behind the mic stand , thats because half the time he is dragging it along with him , although i will say the band overall doesnt really get into it as much as most other metal bands , and thats probably why they have the video show up on the screens behind them . the special features are also pretty good , but i would not buy this concert just for those , backstage footage and things of that nature are cool but do not make a dvd good by themselves . overall , i did think it was pretty cool , and i would recommend buying it if you like dream theater or just their genre of music in general 
dvd pos 671.txt wow , how nice to watch sam cooke 's story from beginning to end . interviews with the family adds a wealth of inside information . i never knew sam 's father was a chicago minister and of course sam was the younger one who surprised the family when he first sang ! unfortunate for music that his life was taken so early . after watching this dvd , i bought sam cooke music and surpised that some songs are songs i had no idea sam wrote 
camera neg 697.txt this is the first digital camera that i have owned . overall i am generally satisfied with the quality of the pictures it produces . however , there are a few things that , if i had known beforehand , would have prevented me from purchasing this camera . 1 ) camera is not plug-and-play ( even if they say it is ) . you have to install the kodak easyshare software to download pictures . this is a huge negative . in the future , i will only buy cameras that show up as removable storage drives when plugged into a computer . 2 ) video is stored in apple quicktime format ( *.mov ) . the is also a huge negative . the codecs for this format are not widely available for application integration . you have to download and use apple quicktime to view them . you can not view the videos in windows media player . it is also not compatible with some photo-album software . i would only buy cameras in the future that have an option to store video in a non-proprietary format . update : after review , i have found that winxp and vista plug-n-play with the camera when it is plugged into the usb port . it does not work on win2k . thanks for the comment that made me double-check 
music neg 21.txt i love love tegan and sara and when i found out this was one of their favorite cds i have to admit....i think i was devastated . i just saw pretty girls make graves last night and they really could not have sounded worse.not just not enjoyable...unbelieveably horrible . i think you should take your money and spend it on a cd that actually sounds like good music . do n't make your ears go through this much pain 
camera neg 618.txt i have many pet peaves about this camera . a ) the video showed untrue colors and came out rather dark- -- -do n't try to record indoors b ) did n't fit into my hand naturally and had to use two hands to navigate the menu and even the record button . not good c ) did n't start up fast enough- --i always missed the shot d ) the camera photos are n't of good quality e ) microphone not that great- --you could n't even hear people that were standing ten feet away from the camera . f ) if your laptop is over 3 years old , even if you 've got windows xp , do n't expect the software to be compatible . g ) the zoom lens zoomed to fast at the movement of my finger . i 'd lightly press the zoom button to one side and it zoomed too fast and it did the same for zooming out . i felt like i had to just manually zoom- -- -ie . walk up closer to the subject i honestly say stay away from the samsung 's and the sony 's are n't much better and they have a monopoly on the matching accessories , ie . only sony products are compatible with the camcorder . i finally bought a jvc and they are awesome- -- -the take more light in , better acoustical recording , better zoom function , quicker start up , and lighter . you can even buy the cheapest model ( which is pretty much what i 've got ) and the picture is great ! my parents commented on how they thought i must have a camera like the news reporters , as it 's the same quality 
music pos 578.txt this album is essentially a fusion of great musical minds . the legendary khan payes more attention to making this a better experience for the western audiences of the sufi music by playing more with his ( brilliant ) vocal skills then with the lyrics . micheal brooks ' music stands out and enhances the experience further . this is not to say that the mainstream indo-paki audience wo n't enjoy this album ( this is one of my all time favs ) . it is fabulous background listening while doing work which may need focus - for those who need music to do such things.. . : ) for those who have been thinking of testing out sufi music , this is the place to start . this is a fine introduction to the great nfak and sufi music . 
music neg 761.txt i bought this because a few people had put it in their amazon lists . i just did n't like it at all . it is one of those albums where you play it , and you do n't take notice of it until the cd stops playing . it is very old and the music is simplistic . cool cover though 
music neg 712.txt i honestly feel that tesla reached the end here . after " psychotic supper " failed to get the label support that it desparately needed the group just fell apart . with this the whole metal scene was falling away anyhow as grunge was dying off after the death of kurt cobain , and here was tesla trying to make up it 's mind what way to go . with the opening track " the gate " it sounded like they were going to head back to the hair days of the 80 's , but then the next song " solution " they played like a lost and wandering band of the 90's . the rest of the songs just followed suit . the groups slogan is " no machines " , but there 's also another slogan at foot here , and that 's " no music direction " , and for some bands that 's possibly a workable concept as long as there 's an inkling of where the bands roots are . with tesla it 's all over the board where they would score a top 10 hit with an acoustic version of the song " signs " , which is a rock song , to where they do a cover here of joe south 's " games people play " . i feel that tesla failed to show thier influences here , and was just trying to make a living ; which is not a bad thing , but it pretty much kept them at a cult status . i pretty much had this album , but did n't listen to it at the time as i was trying to leave the secular music scene behind , and just move onto christianity , and i know the album lurked around in my head all this time , so i felt it was time to face it ; i feel that the album is below par for a group that can do some memorable songs , and to me it seems they wanted out of the label , and possibly away from each other . 
music neg 947.txt this album was released in 1999. and now , seven years later , this album does not even matter . britney spears is remembered not for her musical talent but for her inability to parent a child . great music lasts dozens of years for its complexity , innovation , creativity , and ability to transcend cultures and generations . great music stirs something inside the listener , and matters to the person who created it . britney spears and the ridiculous product that her record companies have created is none of these things . it saddens me to see the number of copies an album such as this sells originally . and yet , the great albums of all times sell thousands of copies years - decades , even - after their release . music like this , britney spears and her peers , disappears into the folds of time . it does not matter . 
camera neg 621.txt the scd6550 is a great idea , but just does n't preform as i had hoped . i was looking for one camera to take on vacation , replacing carrying a 2 year old sony minidv and a 5 mp sony cybershot . my sony takes 1 mp stills , has excellent video , but @ 1mp , the stills are not nearly print worthy . this camera is actually smaller and lighter than my sony . the 5mp still camera function gave excellent results , both with flash and with natural light and outside . shot for shot it produced either as good or better prints ( 4x6 ) than the sony cybershot . digital video is this unit 's short coming . i did identical shots inside and outside with the sony and samsung . the samsung 's video quality was very poor , looked more like analog or standard 8mm quality . inside , with natural room lighting , it was pretty much unacceptable . outside , the shots lacked the crispiness of the sony . i took it back , will keep the sony 's and hope that sony comes out with a greater than 2 or 3 mp model soon 
camera neg 690.txt i guess i really should n't complain because my husband won the camera in an office rally . but the pictures it takes are disgraceful for a samsung product every two to three pictures are blurred unrecognizably-where you ca n't even tell what you have taken . if you have found yourself among the fortunate few who actually found success with this camera thank your lucky stars . even if it is a less expensive choice versus the other cameras on the market today spend the extra money it would be worth it not to miss any family moments like my family did , on this useless piece of crap 
books pos 175.txt music and culture are discussed , not with the usual artistic focus , but with a healthy blend of science and sociology added to the mix . is music a luxury , an art , or a biological need ? william benzon 's beethoven 's anvil explores links between music and brain functioning , using the history of music and its evolution to draw some important arguments about music 's importance to brain functioning as a whole 
dvd pos 877.txt in 1987 and 1988 , jim henson 's the storyteller aired and became an instant showpiece for television , a truimphant ( but short-lived ) series breathing fresh life into nine lesser-known northern european fairy tales and , later , into four timeless stories drawn from greek mythology . these old folk and fairy tales , mined from countries such as germany and russia and compiled in 2 discs here , along with the greek tales , are vigorously and appealingly narrated by two storytellers : john hurt for the european fables and michael gambon for the greek re-tellings . but , with much respect to mr. gambon , who himself does a fine job , it is john hurt who decidedly draws my attention . hurt , with the more eye-catching portrayal , is ideal as he inhabits his storytelling character with a gleeful and quirky charm and a mischievous twinkle in his eyes . it does n't hurt that the stories featuring hurt as the host boast clever and sensitive screenplays written by anthony minghella , who , nearly a decade later , would win an oscar for directing the english patient . as such , jim henson 's the storyteller gloriously lives up to its titular billing . john hurt 's performance sparkles with his enchanting delivery as , propelled by his captivating voice and effectively off-kilter mannerisms and abetted by heavy make-up , he evokes a rich verbal miasma which sucks the listener in to his stories . minghella 's screenplays are replete with rich , witty wordplay and evocative descriptives that indeed recall to mind the classic fairy tales with which we grew up . the kids , of course , wo n't have that frame of reference , but , still , watching these episodes , it really does feel as if you 're sitting around the fire , enraptured at the feet of a master spinner of yarns . michael gambon , on the other hand , is burdened with the weightier and grimmer greek tales . thus , he eschews john hurt 's light , ebullient touch , opting instead to display a more proper and somber persona . he 's pretty good , mind you , but , in the final analysis , he ends up lacking a bit of something when compared to john hurt . both hurt and gambon , by the way , are accompanied by the same mangy talking dog ( as operated by brian henson ) . at a half hour per episode , jim henson 's the storyteller is presented in a marriage of live acting , creative animatronics , and surreal and stylishly vivid imagery . jim henson and his crew do a marvelous job with the production values , coming up with excellent special effects ( for its time ) , seamless puppetry , matte paintings , and yeoman make-up work , all to plant the viewer firmly in their fantasy setting . a charming quirk of the series , which adds a nice touch , is the interesting ways the folk tale would continue to make its presence felt during the occasional interludes with the storyteller and his dog . the camera would cut away from the story and focus on our host by the fireplace , but , somewhere in the background , whether it 's on a painting in the back or on the surface of a display jar or cup , images depicting the story are set in motion . pretty neat . the stories themselves are more mature and darker in essence than any kid 's fable we 're used to over here , especially the greek entries , and several carry melancholy and bittersweet overtones ( " the soldier and death , " " the heartless giant " ) . but do n't keep the kids from watching this series ; everyone should get a chance to fall under the spell and feel the power of stories . it does help that most of these tales are little known in the states , thereby giving the viewer a chance to enjoy the unfolding of a fresh story and be actually startled here and there . when was the last time cinderella or beauty and the beast , timeless as they are , offer up anything new ? this is just about as perfect as television shows can get ; the only flaw i can come up with lies in the dvd set as it comes with no special features whatsoever . all the episodes are superb , but if i had to pick the best of the pack , i would definitely go with " hans my hedgehog , " " the soldier and death " and " the three ravens . " with several recognizable name actors lending their talents to this series , jim henson 's the storyteller : the definitive collection truly is a must have dvd set . ************************************************************************** spoilers follow . the nine european fables : " hans my hedgehog " - from an early german folk tale : a barren peasant woman , desperately craving a child , naively says aloud that if she had a baby , she would n't care what it looks like . soon enough , she gives birth to a baby who resembles a hedgehog , much to the father 's dismay and the scorn of the villagers . " fearnot " - from an early german folk tale : a carefree , absent-minded boy who never scares goes on a strange journey to learn fear . though still very good , this may be the weakest episode of the lot . gabrielle anwar has a tiny nonspeaking role . " a story short " - from an early celtic folk tale : the storyteller himself is in the spotlight as he narrates the time he was caught making a fool of the royal cook and , as punishment meted out by the king , must tell one story a day for a year . all goes well until the very last day when the storyteller suffers from storyteller 's block . brenda blethyn has a part . " the luck child " - from an early russian folk tale : seeking to avert a prophecy which foretells of a seventh son of a seventh son of someday supplanting the current king , the unscrupulous monarch seeks out this luck child and attempts to do away with him . but those blessed with luck cannot be undone...and the same could be said for prophecies . the soldier & death " - from an early russian folk tale , this is an awesome story . because of kind acts towards three beggars , an honest soldier returning from war is given a magical sack , a deck of cards , and a nice whistle , which he uses to save a kingdom and to foil death . " the true bride " - from an early german folk tale . shades of aslan ! a white lion comes to the aid of a girl ( jane horrocks , little voice ) being held under the cruel care of a troll . co-starring sean bean . " the three ravens " - from an early german folk tale : a wicked witch ( miranda richardson ) weds a widowed king ( jonathan pryce ) and then , recognizing that the king 's three sons and daughter pose a threat to her ambition , transforms the three sons into ravens . but the princess ( joely richardson ) escapes and is told by her brothers that , unless she remains speechless for three years , three months , and three days , they 'll be trapped in their raven forms forever . " sapsorrow " - from an early german folk tale : this is a variant on cinderella ( or is it the other way around ? ) as a beautiful princess ( the unimpressive alison doody ) , seeking to escape an arranged marriage , flees to a distant kingdom and disguises herself as a loathsome hag . but , then , she falls in love with the prince...co-starring jennifer saunders . " the heartless giant " - from an early german folk tale : on the whole , giants are benign creatures , harmless to none , unless , of course , the giant has n't a heart . this story is about a curious prince who is fooled into freeing one such heartless giant from the king 's dungeon.. . the greek myths : " daedalus and icarus " - the inventor daedalus and his son icarus flee from the wicked king minos with the aid of daedalus 's man-made wings , but will icarus heed his father 's advice ? i 'm guessing , not . " orpheus and eurydice " - the musician orpheus descends to hades to bring back his dead wife . " perseus and the gorgon " - the hero perseus faces the gorgon , medusa . " theseus and the minotaur " - it 's theseus , with some help from a beautiful princess , versus the savage minotaur , half-man , half-bull . 
camera neg 827.txt i am a novice photographer , so take this with a grain of salt.. . i just bought this kit and it included no instructions and lots of components . i suppose if you are accustomed to using these kits , putting them together must seem self-explanatory . if you are new to these kits you will find it frustrating . it is also frustrating to discover smith victor does not have a support site ( just references on photography ) . they do not even provide a support # or address . keep all this in mind when considering something from this company 
camera neg 19.txt i agree with the previous review . the deluxe blower brush just left more dirt in the camera because the hair of the brush is falling out 
music neg 501.txt well i 'll explain that later . she uses her own vocals . she does n't even have the balls to let the artists who rework the song use their own vocals.i love how the editoral review uses the term " unique vocal talent " . yoko has no vocal talents . i must also point out i am courtney love 's number one fan , so this should give me even more cred . it just proves how narcissistic and disgusting yoko is that she wo n't let other artists do an album using their own vox . she loves the sound of her own too much ! i already went through that stage where i made everyone listen her as a joke . i was about 14 then . my point here , this is n't even a good joke . its just dumb . i listened to the song clips provided on amazon . even that was too much . if you must , just download this album for free . do not buy it . do not in any way support this woman . i wish there was a zero star rating . 
music pos 455.txt the performances for every sonata and every partita are wonderful . this is the kind of material one can expect from deutsche grammophon . wonderful music , a wonderful violinist , wonderful interpretations , and wonderful sound ( not just for its time ) . there are also very few " squeaks " and he is almost always right on pitch ! often called definitive , this is the one to get . highly recommended 
music pos 106.txt i have been a barry manilow fan since i was a teenager . i have never been disappointed with any of his work and this cd is no exception ! he is such a brilliant arranger and the remix of these classics is fabulous ! his voice is as good as ever ! even my 7 year old begs to listen to the cd everytime we get in the car and she can sing all the words ! 
camera pos 940.txt i 've had other 3 digital cameras and this is the best i think , i shots very quick , flash is brighty , and even soft flash for more natural shots . can browse pictures very fast and is has a lot of posibilities to edit inside the camera , is light tiny and slim . one of the best cameras . i do n't find a negative feature on it . i love it 
camera pos 171.txt 2 years of heavy use - not even one little bitty problem . they 've traveled well under harsh conditions , and they still function wonderfully . there you go 
camera pos 652.txt i owned a kodak for awhile and was pleased with the pictures however , my husband accidently fell while ice skating and broke my camera . my family , knowing i love to take pictures , decided to replace my camera , but this time with a sony cybershot . i have never been more unhappy with a camera . needless to say , i finally decided to purchase this kodak z650 and am so pleased with the results and pictures . i am not a professional photographer , just someone who likes to take photos of my kids , pets , flowers , vacation spots , etc. my sony was horrible at action shots and if you had any movement what so ever , the photo appeared blurry . having kids , that is n't an option . i gave that camera to my daughter to do whatever she wanted with it . the kodak , however does a wonderful job of action shots as well as clear , crisp and concise pictures . i absolutely love this camera ! i will never go back to another brand and have only good things to say about kodak and their products 
music pos 178.txt i purchased this cd during the lowest time of my life emotionally . every track brought solace and comfort beyond belief , especially the title track , deep peace . i would listen to it over and over , bathing in the lush healing sounds . each element , from the perfectly balanced vocals to the simple piano and violin motifs , is seemingly structured at a spiritual level . this is more than ambient music , it 's true music therapy . 
music neg 457.txt of the dozen tracks featured here , chances are the typical listener will only recognize four : & quot ; signs , & quot ; & quot ; sweet city woman , & quot ; & quot ; one fine morning&quot ; and & quot ; gimme dat ding&quot ; - and the last-named is out of sequence , having come out more than a year before the others . the star of this show is lighthouse 's & quot ; one fine morning , & quot ; and rhino must be praised for offering up the full ( lp ) version rather than the 45-rpm edit , which was about two minutes shorter . it 's a shame , in a way , that this song had lyrics ; had it been an instrumental , it would have found a perfect and permanent home - on & quot ; music from nfl films&quot ; - it had that quality about it . as for the other eight offerings : if they wanted to pick some obscure stuff , why did n't they go all the way and throw in dusk 's & quot ; treat me like a good piece of candy ? & quot 
music neg 145.txt hey , that just goes without being said . all of their live albums suck because they suck . go creed ! i ca n't wait for scott stapp 's solo album ! awesome , baby 
music pos 91.txt i love these albums . get all 3 cause they are great 
music pos 739.txt no other compilation of garland 's work exemplifies her genius and versatility than this astounding compilation that shows why she was the entertainment phenomenon that took the world by storm . all her original soundtrack performances are here , sounding magnificent . far superior to thin-sounding studio re-creations , this is the real deal , assembled with obvious skill , intelligence and dedication to the talented legend . in a sense , this should be the " soundtrack album " for that magnificent documentary about her that pbs produced a while back . do n't pass this up 
music neg 539.txt i do n't know who these people are , but they will give praise for anything ! ms. london is a wonderful singer , but the producers must have given her sleeping pills . this is a boring cd ! like peggi blu , who won star search , her record company " toned her down " for her debut album , with banal and boring songs with that stupid hip / hop " dum de dum " mary j . blige beat , which will send you to nowheresville . aretha franklin 's boring so damn happy was so awful , it 's no longer available . she went " mary j . " and almost lost the crown off her head . because she 's aretha franklin ( queen of soul ) she did manage ( somehow ) to get a non-deserved grammy for " wonderful " from that cd . the grammys also presented the queen with her 17th competitive grammy for her " a house is not a home " mess . what must they be thinking ? well , latoya london wo n't be considered for anything for this hip / hop mess . she should get serious about some r & b ( i mean the real r & b ) and leave this light-weight fluff alone . latoya , you have a great voice - - use it . contact sam dees , jo armstead or ashford & simpson and beg for some material ! and , as madame rose would say , " sing out , louise ! ! ! 
camera neg 118.txt i do video work and was attracted to the sale price and extra height of this particular tripod . come to find out , this model does not have a fluid head , meaning , if you do any panning with a camcorder , it wo n't be as smooth as you 'd probably like it to be . also , at the end of a pan the head tends to " unwind , " causing your panned image to back up a little ways . thus , i think it 's rather misleading to label this as a " photo / video " tripod . additionally , i do n't really care for the cheap feel of some of the plastic knobs and adjusters . finally , mine came with a few , very minor cosmetic blemishes , almost as if it were used . instead of video , i 'll be utilizing this one as a microphone mount . if you want to do video , please buy a tripod with a fluid head . you 'll love it , i guarantee that . that 's why i give this one 2 stars 
dvd pos 418.txt this film is a must-see for any dancer . the clips used to showcase different types of dancing in film are creatively woven together and the commentary is very informative . many famous scenes from the old mgm musicals to the water spray scene in flashdance are used to illustrate how diversified dancing in films can be . for ballet dancers , there is a portion devoted solely to ballet in films which is hosted by mikhail baryshnikov . scenes of rudolph nureyev leaping through the air compliment this section as well as scenes from various ballets . liza minelli hosts the broadway inspirational portion which is shorter in length . i only saw this film once but i feel that it is a must-own selection for any dancer 
camera neg 713.txt i bought this battery in july 2004. i charged it as soon as i got it . i put it in the camera and then used the camera about 10 days later . the battery was dead . so i charged it again and put it in the camera again . i used it and it seemed to work fine . but the next time i went to use the camera ( approximately 2 weeks to a month later . ) it was dead again . as i write this review i am sitting in a hotel room in prague . i charged the battery ten days ago . i used it once 7 days ago and took approximately 15 to 20 pictures ( did not use the flash ) . i then used it again today . i was able to get another 15 to 20 pictures before it went dead ( did not use the flash ) . i bought the lithium rechargeable battery because they have the longest life and no memory . so now i have to charge the battery everytime i use the camera . this was a big disappointment . i get better life out of the standard duracell alkalines . it appears that this technology has n't been perfected or that belkin has not perfected their quality control . beware when buying this product 
music neg 135.txt i love south music like three 6 , lil jon , master p , but this is a disgrace to every rapper alive and dead . man jd is just signing anyone these dayz to make money cuz he ca n't get no one wit talent . every song on here sounds like it was hurried up . fu*k so so de and fu*k dem franchize boyz they make me sick . 
music pos 804.txt now i know what you 're thinking , why are there two releases of " xx " ? well after they switched from eclipse to universal records they re-released the album " xx " but they also re-recorded all the songs with less hard core vocals ( big mistake ! ) the original album is by far much better than the universal release in december of 2001. if you 're not sure which one to go with go with this one ! 
music pos 961.txt i just purchased this album , my first misfits album and every song on it rocks ( i especially like where eagles dare ) . i just bought two more albums , walk among us and static age and i wish they would hurry up and get here in the mail because i cant wait . my only complain is the sound quality . it sounds like they put a dollar store tape recorder in the corner and started rocking...but i guess that makes it sound more real too . metallica covered a couple of their albums on their garage album but it just isnt the same . 
camera neg 960.txt i purchased 2 of these cameras and both of them came with a usb charging cradle that would not work . this is terrible , terrible quality control and i will never trust another casio product . 
camera neg 267.txt i purchased this camera right before we had our first child . needless to say , i would have rather donated the money to charity ! the flash recovery time is ridiculously slow , but that i can live with . the 4 out of every 5 pictures that come out blurry , i can not . now i have a photo album of blurry baby pictures that we can reflect on . needless to say i think we will try a different brand when we purchase our next camera 
music pos 266.txt i just want to say that this record blows my mind ! only the japanese could come up with this musical hybrid that defies definition . only miss minekawa could inject such beautiful innocence into this thrilling aural rollercoaster of breaks , samples , and guitars . cornelius and dj me dj you are brilliant 
music neg 306.txt remember the days when we were punks and we 'd gather ' round the phonograph and listen to some puccini on the old edison cylinders ? they held up to 4 minutes of music ! count ' em , 4 minutes ! then that hippie opera singer enrico caruso came along and all the young punks would listen to him , including myself . he was quite the singer . when i was a young kid though , the only form of music we had were the concerts . i remember seeing franz liszt play the piano in concert , quite an amazing virtuoso , and johann strauss jr. conducting his orchestra , those were the days . then they came out with those things called grammophones , which were even more modern , if it was even possible . but it was , because then they came out with a new modified version of the phonograph that all the young punks would listen to , lazy kids . i mean , you did n't even have to crank a handle like you had to with grammophones . and what 's this , 1 hour , a full 60 minutes of music , on 1 record ? pshaw ! 4 minutes of music was all i needed , and i was still pooped out even after that . in my day , it was bed at 4 p.m. , breakfast at 2 a.m. , then off to the mines . we did n't have 60 minutes of free time . i have no idea what form of music they have now . appearently , they came out with a couple other things after the phonograph . now all i see these days are kids with their fancy eye-pods ( ? ) and mp3 , mp4 players , whatever they 're called , listening to that " hip-hop " tomfoolery of theirs . you ca n't even call it music , it 's just noise . well , gotta get ready for bed now , it 's almost 3:45 
music neg 253.txt i first became a fan of the gorillaz with their excellent 2nd cd , demon days . the interesting thing about this band is that their music is so strange and so " out there " that when you first hear one of their cd's ...it sounds like complete garbage . but once you listen again and again , you start to like it more and more . eventually you end up really liking the cd . that was the case with demon days . after enjoying that cd fully , i thought i should check out the first gorillaz cd , and i did n't like it all that much . there just seems to be very little actual songs on the cd . way too much of it sounds like complete filler . there were a couple throwaway songs on demon days , but most of the stuff on that cd was great . here , we 've got songs that are just...boring . nothing happens . i was waiting for the melody or a cool tune to occur in some of these songs , but it never happens . you just listen to 2-d whining into the microphone with dull beats in the background . ( such as on songs like new genious , man research , and starshine . ) some songs are nothing but beats with no lyrics at all , sometimes sounding just like static noise . songs like this , such as double bass , are cool for a minute or two , but the song drags on for practically 5 minutes . it gets boring . other songs , like 5 / 4 , m1 a1 , and rock the house are catchy at first , but just do n't have staying power . they get old . 5 / 4 got annoying quickly , m1 a1 and punk lost their appeal quickly , and rock the house is another song that would have been better if they cut about 2 minutes out of it . and songs like latin simone are just annoying . the remixes of 19-2000 and clint eastwood that end the cd are also fairly forgettable , although 19-2000 's kind of catchy on the first couple listens . there are some good songs here , though . tomorrow comes today , clint eastwood , gravity , 19-2000 , and left hand suzuki method are cool songs . slow country 's kind of cool , too . and dracula 's got an awesome , almost haunting sound to it , and it 's really absorbing . although it too , unfortuantely , loses its tune and turns to repetitive and aimless techno noise about half way through it . this small collection of good songs , though , is surrounded by a huge collection of filler tracks . much of this cd just is n't really that good . i do n't know...this cd just seemed empty . very few meaningful tracks , lots of filler , and some really annoying and repetitive songs . some good songs were stretched to almost 5-minutes long , mostly given filler techno beats that ruin the songs . clocking in at 72 minutes , ( which makes it 22 minutes ( ! ) longer than demon days ) this cd was loaded with filler and just not enough good stuff . people interested in the gorillaz should pick up their superior follow-up , demon days , instead of this one . if i listened to this debut cd first , i probably would n't have ended up liking this band very much . the good news about this is that the gorillaz have not hit a sophmore slump ; their cds are getting better , not worse . that is a great sign for the future of this awesome band . 
camera pos 466.txt i bought my k10d in dec 06 after owning a number of pentax cameras over the years and being very pleased with the engineering . the combination of features , if executed properly , make this camera the best buy in 10mp dslrs right now . i postponed my review because i wanted to get some real field experience . i just went to mexico , and panicked because i left the camera instruction manual behind . i can now report on that trip . i did a little fumbling at first , mainly because i did n't have the manual , but i was soon able to find the combinations i wanted , and the camera performed both flexibly and intuitively . the af button and the exposure compensation button are very well placed . i found myself in difficult lighting situations often , and both af and exposure metering worked quite well . i also took some hand-held shots that i normally would use a tripod with ( such as at 450mm ) , and very few came out fuzzy because of camera movement . in a few cases , i used bracketing , and was easily able to obtain a good balance of details in one or more of the bracketed shots . exposure metering worked so well that i stopped bracketing . i particularly liked the display modes : i could boost the brightness to see the display even in bright daylight , and deep zooming gave me a good check of whether a shot was " soft " or not right at the scene . the rechargeable li ion batteries , although not readily available in stores , seem to last forever ( even using power zoom , and full-bright display , and some fill flash ) . i believe that i could have shot all week ( 700 shots in raw ( dng ) + jpeg ) with the battery grip attached . in summary , this camera was a pleasure to hold , very easy to use and manipulate , and resulted in a high percentage of crisp photos ( even if the percentage of well-composed shots was lower because of the photographer ) . i bought it because of its compatibility with pentax lenses , 10mp sensor , shake-reduction technology , larger display , and especially the dust and water seals . but what makes me quite happy about it is its overall ease of use and good results . i am still discovering its features , but i already know that this camera frees me to be creative in ways that other cameras have not in the past . some of the features on this camera are unique ( new program lines ) and some are available only on cameras costing several hundred dollars more , making the k10d a good choice and a best buy . once again for pentax , the engineering is supurb . 
camera neg 215.txt the camera case only works if you wear a belt- - there is no clip on . the case itself holds only the camera , not even space for a spare battery or memory card . ( i 've heard the case will darken your camera , but i did n't end up using the case ) . the neck strap is not useful , it 's too long . at ' 34 inches , if you 're not careful you could swing your camera into something and break it . ( the canon camera rocks , however . 
music neg 693.txt when i played the first composition on this cd , i started thinking that perhaps i had purchased a really stellar cd because the first song was really jumping . but after that , this cd is disapointing to me . there are maybe three pretty good compositions with the rest being totally unmemorable . with the three good cuts from this disc and a few from her first cd , joyce cooling could have made one good cd . but , in my opinion , there are n't enough good songs here to warrant a release of this cd . joyce certainly has potential , but she needs to work on her creativity . she sound here like an artist still maturing in style 
dvd pos 755.txt rko radio pictures present " born to kill " ( 1947 ) ( 92 mins / b&w ) ( dolby digitally remastered ) - - - starring claire trevor , lawrence tierney , walter slezak , audrey long & phillip terry - - - directed by robert wise and released in may 3 , 1947 , our story line and film , uncompromising film noir which sees psychopath tierney marry wealthy girl long , only to feel more in common with the black sheep of the family , his wife 's sister ( trevor ) . deliciously dark and directed with enthusiasm by wise before he 'd made it big , born to kill is a genuine oddity which explores the dark side of sexuality without moralizing , with the bonus of a cracking murder plot to add some spice . tierney pitches his performance just right ... the film sits well with all those minor noir classics the late 40 's and early 50 's with apparent ease : wise 's own " the set-up " ; anthony mann 's " raw deal " and the " t-men " , " kiss of death " , and ray 's masterly debut , " they live by night " . under robert wise ( director ) , herman schlom ( producer ) , eve greene ( screenwriter ) , james gunn ( book author ) , richard macaulay ( screenwriter ) , robert de grasse ( cinematographer ) , constantin bakaleinikoff ( musical direction / supervision ) , paul sawtell ( composer ( music score ) , les millbrook ( editor ) , albert s . d'agostino ( art director ) , walter e . keller ( art director ) , sid rogell ( executive producer ) , darrell silvera ( set designer ) , john sturtevant ( set designer ) , edward stevenson ( costume designer ) , russell a . cully ( special effects ) - - - - the cast includes lawrence tierney ( sam wild ) , claire trevor ( helen trent ) , walter slezak ( arnold amett ) , phillip terry ( fred grover ) , audrey long ( georgia staples ) , elisha cook , jr. ( marty waterman ) , isabel jewell ( laury palmer ) , esther howard ( mrs. kraft ) , kathryn card ( grace ) , tony barrett ( danny ) , grandon rhodes ( inspector wilson ) , jason robards , sr. ( conductor ) , netta packer ( mrs perth ) , sammy shack ( crap dealer ) , philip warren ( chauffeur ) , tommy noonan ( bellboy ) , napoleon whiting ( porter ) , ruth brennan ( sally ) , sayre dearing ( crap dealer ) , jean fenwick ( margaret macy ) , lee frederick ( desk clerk ) , ellen corby ( 2nd maid ) , demetrius alexis ( maitre d'hotel ) , al murphy ( cab driver ) , sam lufkin ( crap dealer ) , beatrice maude ( cook ) , ben frommer ( delivery boy ) , perc launders ( detective bryson ) , martha hyer ( maid ) - - - - - film noir is a cinematic term used primarily to describe hollywood crime dramas that set their protagonists in a world perceived as inherently corrupt and unsympathetic...hollywood 's classic film noir period is generally regarded as stretching from the early 1940s to the late 1950s...film noir of this era is associated with a low-key black-and-white visual style that has roots in german expressionist cinematography , while many of the prototypical stories and much of the attitude of classic noir derive from the hard-boiled school of crime fiction that emerged in the united states during the depression...the term film noir ( french for " black film " ) , first applied to hollywood movies by french critic nino frank in 1946 , was unknown to most of the american filmmakers and actors while they were creating the classic film noirs..the canon of film noir was defined in retrospect by film historians and critics ; many of those involved in the making of film noir later professed to be unaware at the time of having created a distinctive type of film ... featuring top performances from the ' 40s and ' 50s with outstanding drama and screenplays , along with a wonderful cast and supporting actors to bring it all together ... another winner from the vaults of almost forgotten film noir gems special features bios : 1. lawrence tierney date of birth : 15 march 1919 - brooklyn , new york date of death : 26 february 2002 - los angeles , california 2. claire trevor ( aka : claire wemlinger ) date of birth : 8 march 1910 - new york , new york date of death : 8 april 2000 - newport beach , california 3. robert wise ( director ) date of birth : 10 september 1914 - winchester , indiana date of death : 14 september 2005 - los angeles , california hats off and thanks to les adams ( collector / guideslines for character identification ) , chuck anderson ( webmaster : the old corral / b-westerns.com ) , boyd magers ( western clippings ) , bobby j . copeland ( author of " trail talk " ) , rhonda lemons ( empire publishing inc ) , bob nareau ( author of " the real bob steele " ) and trevor scott ( down under com ) as they have rekindled my interest once again for film noir , b-westerns and serials - - - looking forward to more high quality releases from the vintage serial era of the ' 20s , ' 30s & ' 40s and b-westerns ... order your copy now from amazon where there are plenty of copies available on vhs , stay tuned once again for top notch action mixed with deadly adventure - - - if you enjoyed this title , why not check out vci entertainment where they are experts in releasing b-westerns and serials - - - all my heroes have been cowboys ! total time : 92 min on dvd ~ turner home video ~ ( 7 / 05 / 2005 ) 
music neg 897.txt the firm ( a conglomerate consisting of nas , az , foxy brown and the relative unknown nature ( who took the place of original member cormega after a heated dispute ) ) ...came up with the " brilliant idea " to collaborate on a full album...after the release of " affirmative action " from nas ' it was written album . after enlisting the assistance of dr. dre 's aftermath records and production by the infamous trackmasters , the firm 's album is subpar to say the least...it sounds like each individual artists is trying too hard to outshine the other and many of the beats consisting on this album are just a lil too sample heavy... . " hardcore " for example . however , i will admit , there are some shining moments by all four members....and some half decent production....i.e . " phone tap " ... " f**k somebody else " ( lyrics are forgettable since foxy is doing what she does best on the mic...talking about sex and its many forms....i think you might be able to masterbate to this one...lol ) . i will give this a decent try but i ca n't go no further than that . i will agree with one reviewer saying that listening to the group as solo artists is a more satisfying 
dvd neg 291.txt " rip it off " is not an easy film to watch . in short , it is dull and meanders from plot line to plot line , leaving only the most attentive viewer ( read : myself ) to guess at what was going to happen next . but not in a good way . judging from its drab look and unimaginatively shot scenes , not to mention a script whose dialogue borders on the absurd , it never ceases to amaze me how it managed to attract such well-known and talented personalities as alyson hannigan and jennifer esposito . it begs the question : why did you do this film ? or , on a personal note , why did i buy this film , especially at $22 and change ? frankly , i bought it because of alyson hannigan : she 's gorgeous , obviously intelligent , and the girl can act . individually speaking , she does not disappoint here . it 's obvious that she really did n't want to sleep walk through her role as lexi , and she gives the other actors a lot of material to work with . although the silly musical leitmotifs seem deliberately crafted to undermine her scenes , she is a singularly interesting actor to watch , and her performance simply wants me to see her do more , preferably a more mature and fully fleshed out character in a serious film ( see jennifer aniston in her brave performance in " the good girl . " ) but enough gushing : if ms. hannigan had not been as engaged , i would have trashed her soundly . most everyone else in " rip it off " ( with the possible exception of the fellow who plays sergei with operatic relish ) is more or less " phoning it in " when they do their scenes . this made me lack any kind of sympathy for them in addition to making me sleepy . also , films of such low production value should come with a printed warning of some sort : beware ! do not adjust your screen ; the appearance of the film is inherently bad . " rip it off " and films of its ilk give independent filmmaking a black eye . i 've seen black and white student films with greater intrigue and atmosphere than this turkey . and , contrary to the technical description of the dvd , it is presented in the horror that is full screen , and not widescreen . can you believe people invest money in these films ? ( ahem . 
camera pos 12.txt this is a good , affordable uv filter for protecting your expensive lenses . i leave it on my lens all the time . this particular filter ( l-39 sharp cut ) is especially good for wide angle lenses ( & lt ; 24mm focal length ) , because of its ultrathin profile , which prevents vignetting . i have used regular filters on wide angle lenses , with very bad results . although this filter is not multi-coated , i have not found it to be a big deal in the pictures i 've taken . multi-coated uv filters can cost 2x or 3x the price of this one , which i do n't think is worthwhile . all in all , i recommend this filter for canon or non-canon lenses 
camera neg 422.txt i loved my 4.1mp sony cypershot i got for christmas in 2005. then a few days after christmas in 2006 the screen was getting these fuzzy lines in it . if i would tap the camera they would go away . but then a few days later i was taking pictures and the camera just stopped working . it would turn on but then shut off . i had this problem before with low batteries but i changed them and it still did n't work . it would let me review pictures but not take them and now it wont turn on at all and the lens is stuck out . so many other people have had this exact problem after just one year of use . so sad camera dea 
dvd neg 574.txt i bought the dvd for my collection after watching the film on tcm . the musical perfomances are terrific . upon receiving the dvd , i was very disappointed in the quality of the dvd production . the dvd states digital sound , but the sound quality is very poor and not at all as enjoyable as the broadcast on tcm . 
music neg 235.txt ..of little teenage white girls trying to sound like thirty-year-old black women . first it was britney spears , then it was christina aguilera , now it 's joss stone . the former at least have something going for them ; britney 's first album had catchy beats , and even though aguilera 's style is incredibly trashy , she does have enormous vocal power and range if she would only stop trying so hard . try as i might , though , i just do n't understand the appeal of joss stone . i did n't buy this album ; a friend of mine likes it and i 've had to listen to it enough times to want to rip my ears right out of my head . i do n't see what is fresh or original about ripping off janis joplin and the generally much more talented black soul singers . maybe it 's the rick astley effect : you do n't expect that voice coming out of that face . you do n't expect a squinty little teenaged blonde to growl and screech like a deranged cat . but that effect can only take you so far , as rick astley himself found out . this album is not only an unpleasant listening experience because of the stupid songs ( " dirty man " basically just repeats " you 're a dirty man.. . " with very minor variations , along with a great deal of unnecessary caterwauling ) and the nails-down-a-chalkboard voice of stone herself - it 's a depressing reminder of how low our culture has sunk , when it ca n't come up with any culture based on its own heritage but slavishly copycats things from another culture that seems more " cool " . stone , like aguilera and spears , tries to sing like an older black woman , a woman with soul - an aretha franklin or a gloria gaynor . but stone et al . sound like little girls clattering around in grown-up shoes . they have n't been alive long enough to live similar experiences of the women they are trying to imitate . their singing rings hollow to me , show-offy and fake . stone could rival aguilera in shameless and unnecessary vocal theatrics , though she has nowhere near aguilera 's sweetness or range . her voice might be described as " smoky " by some ; to me it sounds gravelly , sandpapery , and as pleasant as scraping your knees on asphalt . i do n't understand why anyone in the right mind would willingly put themselves through the ordeal of listening to this cd , much less enjoy it . i guess fake is good enough for some people . it makes me chuckle , though , to hear people rave about her voice as " authentic " . if you 're looking for soul , try macy gray . she 's for real . try the hugely talented but woefully ignored tasmin archer and karen rodriguez . those are fresh , authentic voices that will make you realize what a load of bollocks joss stone and her ilk truly are . the only white woman i have ever heard who could sing like she was black was linda ronstadt . go back and listen to a ronstadt classic like " hurts so bad " and compare it to this modern-day drivel . ronstadt sang with real feeling , real knowledge , real pain - worlds apart from this fake plastic imitation of soul that seems to be the rule and not the exception these days . i gave this one star because there is no zero-stars option . joss stone is just a musical chav , an unconvincing shoplifter of another , better culture 
music neg 931.txt this is a cd of the history of the band . interesting but was not a music cd . was not worth the price 
dvd neg 286.txt what a huge disappointment this release is . i was suspecting that it would n't be all that great when i saw that the studio that originally produced this show , 20th century fox , was the same video company releasing it . well , the first season looks horrible . the source material is all 16mm dupe prints , some parts of which are out of focus , scratched and dirty . in all cases the image is soft and , well , like 16mm . compared to what fox is releasing of voyage to the bottom of the sea , produced the same year ( 1964 ) and at the same studio as boone , this release is nothing short of a disgrace . we should be given pristine 35mm source material , and we 're not . i suspect fox would n't release the original camera negs from it 's vaults without a substantial fee . anyway , season one of daniel boone is n't worth buying . i have n't seen season two , when the show started filming in color , but i 'm now afraid to look 
music neg 346.txt i found a supposedly " new remastered edition " of sade 's " diamond life " on sale for less than 10 bucks . oops ! great mistake ! when i tried to return it , the cd store was already out of business , and the copy is one issued in the netherlands which is marked into the booklet as " 2000 digital remastered version " . the whole album has been re-recorded with new arrangements ! the digital sound is quite good , but the new arrangements made for ' smooth operator ' really sucks ! ! 
music neg 325.txt a friend who knows my taste in music recommended vnv nation to me , so i got matter + form based on the reviews . in one sense i like it . the production is excellent and i find every track to be creative and unique . but i hate the vocals and so i ca n't bear to listen to the cd . this dude has the worst voice in music history . 
camera neg 131.txt " you get what you pay for " most of the time that cliche is true , but there are products out there that break this rule . the philips dvp642 is one of them , a great quality , versatile product selling at a bargain price . this is not . i was hoping the same of this product from all the " glowing " reviews on here . however , this quality of this monopod is very disappointing . first of all , you have to ask yourself , why do you need a monopod over a tripod ? for myself and most , it 's because we need some stability and portability for our telephoto zoom lenses . however , telephoto zooms are long and heavy so the monopod should be designed strong and solid to live up to the task . this monopod does n't even come close . here are it 's bad points : -the aluminum construction is very cheap quality . the leg segments wobble laterally when you extend and close them . it feels like thin , cheap aluminum and the monopod feels it could break in half like a toothpick at any time . -the head is very cheap and not solid . no matter how tight i tightened the head , my camera would slope down . the workmanship of the head is so cheap that at any point , you think that you 're going to break the plastic tightening screw if you tighten it too much . i think we 've all experienced that in the past . -the leg locks are not tight . when you push down on the monopod , the leg segments slide back into themselves . in the end , it was a risk i took hoping that i could get a high-quality product for a cheap price . sometimes , you can get away with that . walmart sells a very decent functioning tripod for only $30. in this case , i should 've bought a real monopod . oh well , i wasted $16 that i could 've used to help pay for a higher quality monopod 
dvd pos 701.txt noel and liam and jarvis are f* &king hilarious...damon needs to off himself...same with the weirdo journalist with the upper-class accent...this video is good at making britpop seem like an actual period in music...hahahahaha...whatever...besides , everyone knows radiohead and prodigy were quite accepted in the u.s. and were very original...oasis is an awesome , lethal rock n roll band , anyone who loves rock n roll have to love oasis...do n't cheat yourself. . 
camera pos 521.txt this case fits the z650 perfectly by just removing the inner piece . 
camera pos 456.txt with these weights i was able to send my canon powershot s70 to the bottom of the atlantic , and i have great faith that they will keep it there . reliable , and more professional than a brick 
camera neg 224.txt i purchased this for my 4 year old son because he loves to take pictures . i did n't want to spend a lot of money , however this product is way over priced for the quality and ease of use . not to mention after having it less than 24 hours it completely stopped working . however , when it did work every single picture was blurry . there is only one button for every option and it is very confusing . i would n't recommend this product to anyone . it is being returned 
music pos 548.txt this is one of his older cds , but one of my favorites . the music is smooth and wonderful to listen to . great cd after a long day or to play on a special night 
camera pos 240.txt i started with the battery grip initially wanting the double battery availability . having used a 35mm with a hand strap and already realizing the value of the stability of such a strap , this was my second attraction for the purchase of the battery grip and last but not at all least , is the ability to use shoot from the grip itself , allowing full ease of rotation of the camera . though i have never used the battery magazine that allows for the use of aa batteries , having it offers a backup should the canon batteries need charging and i am in the heat of shooting . i always travel with my charge and four aa batteries . i would recommend this grip as a standard accessory for the eos-20d and eos 30-d . one thought to consider once on the camera it increases the overall height creating challanges with some camera cases . 
camera neg 179.txt after just over a year , my lens jammed and the display read " e18 " . so i was pretty upset to discover that this is an extremely common defect - and a defect that canon refuses to admit . try googling canon s500 e18 " , and you 'll see what i meant . do n't buy it unless you want a very expensive paperweight 
camera pos 285.txt despite reading glowing reviews about this lens , i was still surprised to see how well it performed . the lens is so sharp you can get very good cropped pictures of running athletes , from a distance of three quarters of a football field away , shooting hand held , with late afternoon light , which will print a 5x7 and still look like a pro took them ! if you want a tack sharp lens for indoor sports pictures and ca n't afford , or otherwise do not want another long lens for outdoor sports pictures , then you should give this lens your serious consideration . 
music pos 24.txt i rarely write reviews of music but feel that i must share my impressions of this cd . i have long heard some of my favorite singers praise the songwriting prowess of townes but somehow never got around to buying one of his records . i finally picked this one up because it had two songs that were covered by two of my favorite singers- -lyle lovett - " lungs " ( among others ) and steve earle - " tecumseh valley " . i was blown away by the sheer beauty and poetry of every song on this recording . other reviewers seem to be comparing this to other townes ' records . i come from a different angle . as someone who has long heard townes sopken of with the highest praise , i can say this disk does not disappoint and will influence me to fill out my collection of his recordings . i will also say that i am deeply frustrated that i never took advantage of the chance to see townes perform while he was alive . 
music pos 625.txt quite different from his later big-band recordings . some of the songs that you may find on wes ' ' best of ' collections sound too much like elevator music . not so with this debut album . a drummer , a organist , and a guitar player ; no horn section . stripped down in the sence of band size but very deep and articulate playing . he shows of his trade mark octave playing , his chord solos ( played over the organs rythm chords none the less ) , and flashy runs across the fret board when needed . a good cd to start with for the guitarist who wants to play jazz . 
music neg 156.txt this movie was only good because of two reasons . rammstein , and queens of the stone age . other than that , completel out of control p.o.s. that keeps its viewers contemplating whether they have died and this movie is their eternal punishment in hell 
camera neg 25.txt the documentation is terrible . its going to take a lot of practice . if you 're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine . however i want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x sb600s . just setting the d200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the sb800 / masster & sb600s it 's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail , in the manual . the sb800 is designed for this purpose . so why not include information on how to do this ? 
camera pos 410.txt in short , i love it . the xh a1 is a professional looking camera and has all the features you need . it is a bit complex for those who are not true prosumers or pros , and the manual is not consumer oriented . the picture qualitity is , so far , the best i 've seen in non-pro cameras . the 3 ccds at 1 / 3 inch each are truely spectacular . the 2 external xlr connections are the reason i looked at this camera . if you want to mic someone via wireless or wired lav mic , this is the camer to do that . just make sure you read over the xlr connection settings in the manual a few times and change the buttons ( unfortunately located in 4 different locations on the camera ) to the right settings . a set of good headphones is a must-have when not using the wonderful built-in mic . by the way , this built-in mic eliminated one of the situations where i always needed a mic , a close up interview situation- -the built-in is very sensitive and accurate for this type of thing . the downside to this camera is really only that it does not contain an hdmi adapter . sadly canon did not provide one ; instead they opted for a custom ( hdmi-looking ) adpater that if you loose the cable you ca n't run down to fry 's or radio shack to get another one . : ( the other thing is that it is 1440x1080 instead of 1920x1080. their new canon hv20 ( a 1ccd camera due in april 2007 ) is 1920x1080 resolution- -just seems odd to me . but then i 'm the guy that will get a 10 megapixel camera simply because its better resolution . : ) the bottom line , do n't get the sony fx7 , get this one . the sony seems and is easier to use , but it does n't have an external xlr jack , it uses 1 / 4 inch ccds , and in a side-by-side test does n't offer as good performance in low light situations as this one . the camera is a bit complicated , but if you 're willing to learn , it is a wonderful tool . if you need true point and shoot , i 'd wait and get the canon hv20 
music pos 592.txt as much as i hear time and again that " mindcrime " was the seattle quintet 's finest , i always have to argue that this 1986 gem is the pinnacle of their career . while i was a big fan of mindcrime and it 's predecessor " the warning " , rage for order is qr 's most consistent release and is mezmerising from start to finish . in a word. . " perfect " . so few bands can boast having made a perfect album . i can think only of the beatles ( sgt. pepper & revolver to name a few ) , pink floyd ( the wall , dark side ) , dream theater ( images & awake ) , and boston ( debut ) . rage is an album to be listened to and appreciated . released in the hey-day of " hair metal " , this album has not one single song that lends itself to the tag . none of the songs , while very image provoking , could be easily made into an mtv hit . although " gonna get close to you " aired on mtv ( rarely i might add ) it did n't even scratch the surface of this album 's potential . overall , the performances of each member outshine anything before , or since . degarmo and wilton trade licks masterfully . rockenfield and jackson keep a very tight bottom end . tate...well...tate was the metal singer at that time and this was his finest performance . while the mix was somewhat lacking , the production was incredible . each song blends into each other perfectly . this was metal that was unique and completely original . i think the term " thinking man 's metal " was coined at the time . that said , i can think of no other release at the time to which that term could be applied . unlike most of their metal contemporaries at the time , rage was athmospheric , intellectual , and surreal . rage succeeded where priest 's " turbo " failed abysmally . it was a stark vision of the future and the metal was more futuristic than we 'd ever heard before . it was like listening to a whole new machine . it still holds it 's own 20 year later , seeming as fresh and " now " as anything in progressive metal . 
music pos 783.txt i had this album for many years when i was younger . i had looked for along time to try and find it on cd with no luck . i finally found it on amazon . this is my favorite christmas album , i even have my teenage daughter hooked on it now . the caroling medely is awesome and my daugher loves the pinecones and hollyberries song . no one should be without this cd in their christmas collection . 
music pos 443.txt a great sampling of one of top 10 musicians from the 20th century 
music pos 397.txt i recently discovered joyce cooling . yeah , i 've been in the dark ages . she is one of the smoothest guitarists out there and she does not try to sound like everyone else . i especially appreciate her percussive use of intonations . she 's got chops galore and is a beautiful woman to boot . you can hear it all in her music . buy revolving door ! you 'll love it 
music neg 968.txt this cd is , without a doubt amazing . stars are lost because prior to recording , you would think the guitarist would invest in a damn noise gate for his guitar rig . his tone is crushing & sounds perfect , but the second he stops playing , every time ssssqqqqqquuuueeeaaaalllll . it 's annoying to the point of only being able to tolerate so many songs at once , because it is a chronic problem in every song . 
camera pos 534.txt i 've owned the t9 now for just about 3 weeks . i purchased it after some extensive research . of course you never really know a product until you 've had it awhile . here 's my thumb nail opinion . i like : the ultra thin metal body optical image stabilizer great photo quality high iso performance large , high rez screen auto focus assist lamp works well very fast start-up fast recovery even after flash lots of built in memory , but you need to buy the 1 or 2 gig card ok slide show feature with music i do n't like : redeye does n't work that well too few manual controls needs white balance needs long shutter speed modes chews up battery time pretty fast . already ordered a second battery . no optical viewfinder ( most ultra smalls do n't ) flimsy plastic cover over the battery will be first thing to break all in all a great little camera . takes awesome , clear pics . not for the professional photographer , but that 's not why you are considering it ( i hope ) . 
music neg 297.txt i bought this cd because i figured it would be a fresh take on some old favoirites . well , i 'd like to say i loved it , but i didnt . this cd just comes off as flat and lifeless . where as the original songs , the kyle toucher on vocals versions , had a certain edge , the remakes make great material sound very mediocre . for those of you first discovering dr. know , l this may be the greatest cd in the world...the material is that good-but , if you really want to experience dr. know , buy their best of cd that was released on mystic records . this is the best version of dr. know . hope this helps 
camera neg 45.txt canon 's 28-135mm with is ( image stabilizer ) is a far better choice for the money 
camera pos 687.txt well , i 'm just amazed this model is still in production the way things are changing so quickly in the a / v world . i bought mine two years ago and have recorded many hours of my children as they are growing up . this is a truly low maintenance and low cost solution for your video recording needs if you do n't have a lot of money to spend on a digital set-up . just buy and extra after market battery or two ( and they 're cheap ) and some inexpensive analogue tape , and start recording away ! after you climb the learning curve , of course . my one problem with this camcorder is that the controls are anything but intuitive , and they 're splattered all over the unit . be sure to read the user manual carefully before you try to use this thing , but once you 've got it down you 'll find this a trusty and low cost companion for your family vacations and holidays . oh yeah , almost forgot , the microphones are n't stereo but they 're really quite good for an entry level unit 
camera neg 290.txt i purchased this wide angle lens for my digital camera . when i was experimenting with it taking photos inside my house , there was a dark shadow in the lower right hand portion of the photo . when i took a photo outside , there was no shadow . i went to my local camera shop to ask for help in this matter and he said i would need to adjust the white balance according to the light in the room , but he said , in reality , ' these digital cameras are really not meant for attachments' . i did experiment with the light balance , but still had no luck in getting that dark area to disappear.the flash on the camera is not strong enough to compensate for the area the lens blocks . i returned the product . 
music pos 840.txt this cd provides a fantastic overview of rypdal , who has been recording for ecm for 30+ years now . the tracks range from pieces with an & quot ; electric miles&quot ; sound to an orchestrated track . while very diverse , the tracks work well together and are unified by his unique , atmospheric tone and excellent compositions . the infamous ecm sound quality is even better due to 24 bit mastering . informative liner notes as well . highly recommended 
music pos 15.txt there is a saying in the construction industry " tripping over dollars to pick up nickels . " or in the regular world " ca n't see the black forest for the trees . " i doubt if there is an definitive rendition of all of beethoven 's symphonies . even the composers own conducted versions changed over time and from performance to performance depending on the players or his intentions . instruments were constantly changing and you know this guy was never satisfied , always stretching . we can only guess what his exact intentions would be today or tomorrow . what you want to remember is : 1 ) the first version of anything you seriously like will color your listenings of subsequent versions . you 'll be listening for qualities that are n't there and missing qualities that are there . 2 ) different versions bring us different views . is n't that a good thing ? sound in all it 's forms is preferable than a useless search for the best sound . i 'd rather have that kind of an attitude than the bickering negative perfectionist snob attitudes of some of the reviewers here . having said that.. . i love these versions . i 've had them for some time . i have at least 4 versions of the symphonies . these are clear , well recorded , dynamic and straight forward . beethoven 's passion , mental range and personal warmth are within . you can easily hear the information that beethoven wanted you to hear . probably better than he could . no make that clearly better than he could . ha ha ! these are solid , lovely , beautiful , and astounding . listen to them 
music pos 779.txt i do n't own this cd . i do n't have to own it to review it , because this music is the soundtrack of my high school years . i lived this music . i listened to it while cruising the local shopping center indulging in - er - various activities . half of the bands on this cd i had the privilege of seeing perform live in the 70s . this is what fm radio sounded like back then . every single song on this cd was well known to me and my friends . yes , even black oak arkansas ( hot and nasty ! ) , nazareth ( get hair of the dog cd for more ) , and the runaways ( hot babes ! ) . oh , and i love the movie too . party on , dudes 
music pos 403.txt this disc dates from monk 's early period before he achieved recognition and started to descend into a long series of formulaic recordings for columbia . so it 's valuable from that point of view . it 's also a wonderful chance to hear him showcased without horns although the standard is perhaps not quite as high as the trio blue note recordings that immediately preceded it . the best tracks both from a musical and recording quality view point are an extended blue monk , which many consider the definitive version , and a lovely unaccompanied just a gigolo , which anticipates later solo masterpieces such as alone in san francisco . sweet and lovely is in a similarly reflective vein . much of the rest of the album has a forceful , driving quality , with aggressive use of dissonance in places - even for monk . a particular highlight is monk tearing through these foolish things 
camera neg 389.txt i was not satisfied with the quality of the digital pictures on this ziga digital frame . i returned it 
camera pos 694.txt this item is cute . my only complaint is that it really can only hold the camera . there is no space for an extra card or battery . it does however have a convenient belt clip on the back that you could also attach a shoulder strap to . 
music pos 89.txt this is some great music from a litte know movie . you wo n't be let down 
music neg 971.txt when i first saw this album i thought " heavy d....without the boyz ? ! that ca n't be a good thing . " here 's the problem with this album : heavy d took the " jiggy " route . when i heard " big daddy " for the first time , i thought it was pretty tight and that it had that heavy d feel to it . so after hearing that , i went and copped the disc . when i got home and read the liner notes , my jaw hit the floor . there was heavy d....smoking cigars , iced out , and playing the big willie role ( the popular theme for the " jiggy " crowd in ' 97 ) . at that point , i realized that original mcs were quickly becoming extinct . after years of success with his group , heavy d had jumped the fence while simultaneously alienating his fan base all at the same time . that might not have been such a bad thing had this album been at least somewhat decent . there are about three tracks on the entire album that are even worth a listen . there 's a lot of lazy and predictable production ( we 're talking obscene amounts of beat jacking ) . on " i 'll do anything " heavy d and tony dofat completely jacked hall & oates for their tune " i ca n't go for that ( no can do ) " and it only gets worse throughout the album ( i wo n't even get into how the gap band 's " yearnin ' for your love " was abused on " keep it comin ' " ) . there are n't enough good songs on this album to make heavy 's change of heart seem very believable . avoid this album y'all . it 's not completely terrible , but it comes dangerously close . there are songs that border on wack and there are songs that are completely wack . sadly enough , this can be said for the majority of the songs on this album . i was very disappointed in heavy d and lost a little respect for him after hearing this . i can only reccomend buying this if you can find it used for less than $3.00. otherwise , avoid at all costs . standout tracks : big daddy ( my favorite ) and " you can get it " feat . the lost boyz & soul for rea 
music neg 12.txt cheap trick 's second album is very disappointing to me after the good , but raw , " live in the studio " , 1977-76 recorded cheap trick . almost all of the material here is so watered down that it really comes off way better on the later many live disks they did . after a good start w / " hello there " , a concert favorite for many years , is the only thing here to write home about when one considers how great all the tunes from this overproduced album sounded on the budokan and other live recordings later . tom werman and rick niesen were on a show in 1991 that i had recorded on a tape once and werman , noce a friend of tom petersson 's said , quote : " my three albums with cheap trick got better and better.. . " , to which the ever sarcastic rick nielsen said , " selling , maybe . " not realizing that brother rick was slamming him , werman then continued , " exactly " ... oh boy . we now see why producing cheap trick albums through the years has become like playing russian roulette . it 's not hard to get better than this and five months later the solid , but somewhat oeverrated ' heaven tonight ' came out.. . ( and the guys even bought werman back for dream police . things turned out better when pete comita , then later jon brant joined the band . yep - the best was yet to come - in the ' 80 ' 
camera neg 276.txt i got mine today , and it is being returned today . i had high hopes , given the reviews so far and the supposed improvement in low light sensitivity . i was hoping for an all-in-one device for stills and video . here 's my results : 1 ) stills . pictures are not too bad , but do not compare with a similar 7mp canon sd500 which i own . the zoom works well , focusing is ok , but slow . the pictures themselves have quite a bit of noticeable noise in them , flash or not , like they are all taken at a high iso setting on a regular digital cam . so slight disappointment here . 2 ) video . if this is improved low light sensitivity , i would not have liked to see the results on the hd1 ! video does not even come close to comparing to my regular sony dv camera . focusing is hit or miss , and shake is much more evident at high zoom than with my sony . i really was hoping for the be all end all combo device , but the hd2 does neither very well . ergonomically it is beautiful and fits in one hand very well . the finish is great and the buttons are well placed . but it does n't justify the price or quality misses on the photos and video themselves 
camera pos 228.txt i needed this tripod to use with my 20x50 binoculars since the least movement with 20x magnification causes the subject to wind up outside the viewing field . this tripod works well for that use . it is sturdy , has lots of features and is reasonably priced . however , if you wish to use the tripod for binoculars , a right angle adapter will be needed . i found one on ebay for a few dollars . 
music pos 600.txt in 1976 , my fair lady returned to broadway , in a revival touted as the " 20th anniversary " production . perhaps most famously , this particular revival was the first big professional splash of a young soprano called christine andreas.. . at long last , this much sought-after cast album gets its cd premiere . christine andreas is one of the best eliza 's ever captured on disc , and ian richardson 's performance as beleaguered tutor higgins is full of wit and humour . george rose ( in a tony-winning turn as eliza 's dustman father ) is very enjoyable in his main numbers " with a little bit of luck " and " get me to the church on time " . jerry lanning also makes for a fine freddy , with the winsome " on the street where you live " . this recording also features the " embassy waltz " sequence , which was never included on the obc , and only featured as a bonus track on the reissue of the olc . the production itself heavily recreated the original production , complete with oliver smith 's sets and cecil beaton 's costumes . hanya holm 's choreography was revived thanks to original dance captain crandall diehl . christine andreas picked up a theatre world award for her breakthrough performance . the show opened at the st. james theatre on march 25th 1976 , but later moved to the lunt-fontanne theatre where it closed the following year after 377 performances . the following year , andreas returned to broadway in another important revival , the 1978 production of " oklahoma ! " in which she made a thrilling laurey ( cast album available on rca ) ; before cememting her position as broadway 's ingenue of choice , with the role of frankie frayne in the 1983 revival of " on your toes " ( cast album available on jay / ter ) . more recently , she played marguerite st. just , in the original company of frank wildhorn 's flawed " scarlet pimpernel " ( cast album available on atlantic ) . i heartily recommend this particular my fair lady 
music neg 850.txt the track selection is fine and okay , but the track order is bad . no flow ! proving that he just took popular tracks that other big djs are spinning and sold an album without a smile . the mixing is terrible and abrupt , its basically not mixing . no art there . 
music neg 392.txt okay , i will admit to liking poor tom , bonzo 's whatever ( it sure beats moby dick ! ) and wearing and tearing , but other than that this is a collection of outtakes that should 've stayed outtakes . low points include we 're gonna groove , the live i ca n't quit you baby , walter 's walk and ozone baby . it 's a shame that traveling riverside blues and hey hey , what can i do were left off this album , and included only in the boxed set reissue - it 's the only place you can find hey hey , what can i do , one of my favorite zeppelin songs , and with riverside blues , you have a choice : shell out $100 to get it , or sit through the crappy bbc sessions album . if you 're obsessed with the band , i guess this would be good for you . but the best version of coda is in the aforementioned $100 boxed set . 
camera neg 62.txt just for the record , my lens has frozen as many others have complained on this and earlier casio models . presently in iraq , i do want to have a camera with me , but am not inclined to send it back in view of the reports of poor customer service . sad . it looked to be a great camera 
music neg 576.txt i do not understand why people are so waxing poetic about this album . there is nothing new or ' fresh ' or ' original ' or at all thought-brovoking about this music , unless you happen to be easily pleased by any simple pseudo-pop sound . i have only recently discovered the world of no-wave music , but i was introduced to it through artists like arab on radar and scissor girls . so when i tried out my first sonic youth album , i was way more than dissapointed . i do n't know how this can be classified as no-wave anymore . sure they show some trait in a few wailing off key guitars and an occasioinal shouted spoken word , but they are all only half-assed and are muddled up in cliche indie pop love tunes that have only been done in every other band . the most notable anything is the catchy medlody of becuz . it is really catchy , yet it managaes to be unique enough to rise above the typical " catchy tunes " ethos . xiu xiu 's " knife play " would probably be considered more of a pop / no-wave sound that does not sacrifice the aggressive anti-music drive of no-wave.. . and still retain the emotional pop sinsibility . i do n't know. . all i know is that wasing machine is a letdown . it does not reach me artistically by a long shot . emotionally , i can think of am million other artists ( mars volta , emerson lake & palmer , clouddead , ulver , edvard greig ! ) who can put me on a much higher cloud and help me get in touch with the human condition . this however is far to cheezy , and i do n't know , but i think it reeks of that shallow indie fashion clique. . 
music pos 311.txt for real , you gotta give this man props . i repect him and his music , but it 's not my style . he still managed to make this a good album , so it 's all good . much repect . 
camera neg 508.txt i bought this for my 9 year old son to take movies and edit on the pc . it worked for about 2 days before there was no image from the lens to either the lcd or the viewfinder . i could see other information on the lcd , such as the date , time , menu , but no image from the screen . i called samsung and that is where it is now for repairs . a check of the web indicated that this problem is well documented . i did try to install the software that came with the camera , but that did not go to well either . i will retry when i get a working camera again . 
dvd neg 88.txt personally , i found 8 1 / 2 to be one of the most boring films i 've ever seen . it was a pretentious , self-indulgent trip down the director 's memory lane . i understood the plot , and enjoyed some of the thoughts raised near the end , but overall was bored silly by stilted , pointless dialogue . having said that , the cinematography was stunning and the music almost made the film worth watching . perhaps 8 1 / 2 would have been better off as a series of photographs with musical accompaniment :p 
dvd neg 34.txt i saw this movie years ago , but did n't remember much about it , except some of the songs , and the basic story . i also saw " nights of cabiria " , from which the story was taken . i love musicals , and i think shirley maclaine is very talented . she is very sweet as charity hope valentine , and one ca n't help wanting a happy ending for her . so why did i think this movie was awful ? first of all , some of the dialogue was so repetitious it became irritating- - how many times can you listen to charity say " fickle finger of fate " over and over without wanting to hit the mute button ? also , some of the scenes went on and on and on- - especially the elevator scene . and- - the intermission was totally unnecessary . but the worst disappointment for me was the musical numbers . i did n't like any of them- - - they were so far over the top as to be silly . bob fosse must have thrown everything into them that he could- - - instead of letting the dancers and the songs carry the numbers , he had so much busyness in all of them- - too many people , costumes that did n't fit the story , silly moves- - and they all went past the point of enjoyment . i fast forwarded thru a couple of them just to get them over with . i have never done that before with any movie . this could have been so much better- - the story was good , the charactors were good- - but the whole thing should have been toned down . the movie could have been 30 minutes shorter if there had been some trimming . it was entirely too long . also- - - all that stop action- - what was that all about ? i know , i know- - it was to show the progress of the story , but it was a distraction . i did n't like the movie and was glad when it was over . 
dvd pos 757.txt tihs dvd truly has incredible camerawork , and fully illustrates the intelligence and beauty of dolphins , but some things people do n't realize about dolphins kept in captivity need to be told . please take the time to read this . many dolphins you see in aquariums and swim-with programs and circuses around the world often come from brutal drive hunts , during which dolphins are rounded up into very tight nets concealing them , and are dragged ashore making it easier to violently wrestle them into slings . these dolphins captured , while they may be smiling in appearance ( which is the way their faces were genetically designed ) , are ripped away from their beloved podmates and torn from their environment . how would you like to be a dolphin who once lived in a vast sea of blue and then suddenly be taken into a shallow pool of water , forced to live with the loud sounds of people screaming , the filtration system running , and very little space to swim ? in the process of capturing dolphins for human entertainment , many die in the process . stress severely affects a dolphin 's body , and many suffer irreperable damage to their hearts in the execution . on top of that , dependent calves ( baby dolphins ) who have spent the entirety of their lives with their mothers , often get torn from them , leaving them helpless , even if they are released . while you can clearly see in the film that many of the dolphins appear to be having fun , would it not be too much to consider the fact that they might miss their former companions ? are they really happier stuck in a cement tank forced to perform tricks in order to be fed ? keep this in mind the next time you visit an aquarium or swim-with program . for dolphins captured in japan , the industry has been given permits to slaughter a number of them needlessly in the process by the government . i believe this film spends too little time in the beginning addressing the human threat to dolphins . over 7 , 000 , 000 dolphins have died at the hands of humans since the late 1950s . i think a few minutes at the beginning of the film does n't nearly suit the need to inform the audience of the issue . tuna fisheries , whose products are falsely labeled as " dolphin-safe " ( there are established ' kill minimums ' now for tuna companies ) need to be exposed . intentional killings in japan ( especially ) , south america , and all over the world need to be publicized . but i also understand that this is a family film , mainly , but i think it is also important to inform young viewers of the problems dolphins face with humans . they are the ones who will need to make the difference in the future . please just remember this next time you watch this film . while dolphins are valued by many , they are targeted by many as well as a way of easy money-making . this film is more of a sugar-coated production , although it certainly is beautiful , as are the dolphins seen in the flim . i would recommend a film entitled " dolphin defender " for those who seek some informative footage behind the scenes to what really happens to dolphins in drive hunts . 
camera pos 25.txt this lens has extremely fast ( and quiet ) focus , and is razor sharp . what more could you want , when photographing wildlife up close 
camera neg 622.txt these are not pioneer boxes . these are mbi boxes . i bought them and was very disappointed since i also have bought pioneer boxes before , and when i compared with the mbi , the latter one is much less sturdy and even the index cards are flimpsy compared with the pioneer's . do not buy these . also , adorama 's customer service is very unfriendly in regard to making their customers satisfied . they insist that they are the same , that i need to return them on my cost , because of their mistake . they flew from one reason to another with blame from that they have never carried pioneer products , to amazon 's mistake in naming them pioneer . but then their own website also has named them pioneer . anyway , just reconsider about buying any products from this company . it 's not worth it , considering the shipping is outrageously high . it is my honest opinion . 
music pos 113.txt too bad this group supported by keith sweat did n't go any further . i bought it for one song , but the whole cd is great for listening . lyrics contain songs about love and such , and i like they way speak about it . it gives you something to look forward to . 
camera neg 753.txt my cheap 10x50 rugged exposure brand binoculars give me a better view . the rubber eye cups did not stay folded back for use with my glasses and i could n't get my glasses close enough to eleviate the round " binocular effect " . i did a side-by-side comparison with my cheap binocs and liked the cheap ones better - my vision is not that bad either . maybe with perfect vision they would work for , but i doubt it 
books neg 735.txt overall , i found this book disappointing . in its defense , its basic thesis of the movement of jewish american orthodoxy towards the ` right ' ( more closed and intensely religious ) is interesting , and i am sure accurate , and heilman 's analysis of its evolution is insightful and well-researched . however , i was extremely bothered by the lack of any attempt to portray hareidi society through the prism of its own value system , or in fact any attempt to understand their values at all . heilman accepts his own world view as absolute and obvious to the reader , and in this context denigrates a society with an entirely different set of goals and aspirations . examples of this include his assumption of the primacy of feminism and the worth of secular culture . hareidi society has its own worldview which , although too complex to elaborate on here , has valid and very real reasons for its hierarchy of values , reasons which heilman completely disparages or ignores . ( for an example of a book that is not written by a religious author , yet is able to appreciate hareidim from their own perspective try " real jews " by noah efron ) . in general , i found his view of religion as a mere sociological construct ( i.e. a defensive reaction to the holocaust ) to be grossly insensitive to the hareidi intense religious belief founded on thousands of years of tradition . the latter half of the book i found a pathetic attempt to draw conclusions from insignificant pieces of information . for example the juxtaposition of poster a condemning something to a poster advertising b implies that poster a is condemning b as well . or two posters ( put out by the same company ) advertising two different types of music indicates that the community is embattled over the appropriateness of one type of music . in conclusion , although i eagerly awaited this book and found a fraction of it interesting and intelligent , my overall impression is negative due to the authors biased approach and manipulative use of insignificant information . 
music pos 553.txt i am new to ron sexsmith . where have i been ? this cd is outstanding and so soothing... . the instrumentals are soul syrup , the melodies are whipped cream and the lyrics are full of cherries , nuts and fudge sauce.....it is putting something so sweet and so nurturing into the hearts and minds of the hungry and starving . i am still in the stage where his songs resonate in my mind just before i fall asleep at night and that waking up means i get to hear his " comfort food " again... . this honeymoon will last forever... . fall in love folks , it 's worth the risk....calorie free , i promise...thanks ron , god speed ! 
music pos 32.txt nice cd cool beats songs like welcome to atlanta pick it u 
camera pos 516.txt the battery works as specified , the pricing was excellent and the order came in very timely . i 'm completely satisfied with this product and vendor 
music neg 281.txt i am a 23 yr old mother of a 2 1 / 2 yr old . not only are these children horrible singers , but there is a reason that most parents do n't let their children listen to the original songs.. . they teach them things they do n't need to know . i thought this would be a " kids " version that would get rid of that stuff when i let a child i was babysitting put the cd on.. . and was appalled at how much they talked about sex and other innappropriate things for children . they did n't take that out ! children are exposed to that every day in our world now , telling them it is " normal " and " ok " . parents have a big enough job to teach their children right and wrong with the way the world is today . it becomes a much harder job when you give them something that is for " kids " that teaches them that those things are " normal " . they assume if it is ok for a kids cd , it ca n't be that bad . i think this is horrible and would never spend a penny on it for a child ! some of the songs i like in the originial version and do listen to , and this cd has ruined them ! but when it comes to children who are too young to understand that it is just a song and does n't mean what they say is ok.. . i think it is the worst thing you could buy for your child 
music neg 111.txt i agree with all the other reviewers .. nice quality recording for its time considering it was in the vaults for decades ..great playing from all concerned ( except the cursed drummer ) , i cannot imagine what poor jerry gemmot went through with that drummer .. he should have been dismissed immediately ..or shot ..it would have sounded better without him .. gawd ' awful .. spoils the whole dang thing .. any way .. i cannot listen to this anymore without getting uncomfortable , so it 's back to soul of a man , re-kooperation , live adventures , super session , and kooper sessions with shuggie 
music neg 37.txt i felt like i was taking a piss on myself the whole time i listened to this album . what happened to the 40 water of the old days that used to rap with spice 1 , 2pac , and mc breed ? this clone of 40 raps with the likes of lil jon ( wack as hell ) , washed up 80 year old too short , and a bunch of losers i have never heard of . the album only gets props because eightball and mjg are on the album and ugk . and they almost played themselves by appearing on this god awful so called " album " . e-40 has fallen into this commercial west coast version of crunk called " hyphy " in attempts to breathe life into his lifeless career . the album has some decent beats on it but there is no kind of lyrical content to be found anywhere . e-40 would n't know lyrical content if i slapped him with a krs-one cd . this cd is wack simple and plain , pee-40 is a beat waster , and he needs to find the nearest car wash and start drying off cars ! ! 
music pos 755.txt from the manic whirlwind prelude to the shocking cake and sodomy , portrait of an american family is an album that stands on its own two feet as being catchy and memorable . cake and sodomy dishes out the obscene gestures , lunchbox is told with a twist of humor , organ grinder is pleasing vocally , cyclops is addictingly wild , get your gunn is catchy ( if not overly insulting ) , dope hat is great and fierce , and my monkey is hysterically enjoyable . snake eyes and sissies is another winner , easy to get lost in . the rest all work to varying degrees , though not as appealing . every song on this album is worth listening to , from fast paced and rock style to techno overload . 
camera pos 90.txt i cannot help but giggle when i saw comments like " great lens for the money " . it is selling for $440 at here , even on so-called clearance . however , one can easily find the same lens at least $50 cheaper at some decent online camera store , such as b&h , ritz camera , etc. sad amazon. . 
camera pos 738.txt the bushnell perma focus 7x50 wide angle binoculars were the ideal choice for my recent trip to tanzania and the serengeti . they worked perfectly for the application needed . a really happy surprise on just how well these worked . as we bounced around on dirt roads and cross country in land rovers , the perma focus feature was outstanding and made things simple and easy ! : - ) the magnification level was perfect for almost every scenario we came across . anything that was outside of about 80 feet came through in crystal clear vivid color and clarity . it really made for up close and personal viewing of all the animals we saw . by far , these were the best investment i made before the trip ! i ca n't imagine being without them now on such an expedition . really fantastic performance and a great value to boot ! ! ! ! the vendor was fast & flawless in the transaction too . in my opinion you wo n't be disappointed with these binoculars . troy : - ) 
camera neg 939.txt i purchase this instrument twice . the first time there were black specks in the lense , so it was returned . the second time was worst , i.e. same black specs but the thing did n't work at all . i have also checked this manufacturer 's other models out and most come with the disturbing black specks in the lense . this is n't a quality optical product 
music neg 84.txt no need to say more , these f@gs are just making lousy punk pop for the teenage girls and mtv watching kids who think they 're quite rebel with listening to this kind of sheit , and these suckers do it just for the money like green day or blink 182. there just have to be some stuff like this to fill all the pop and mtv charts 
camera pos 800.txt this was my first digital camera , and after reading everything i could get my hands on to read about digital cameras i chose this one . it so happens that the last 35mm camera i owned for years was also an olympus 
music neg 365.txt bands from the 90s just sucked and nirvana fits in with that . they had a couple of ok songs and kurt cobain was some what talented but this is nothing to get excited about . i can not for the life of me see the things people see that just go off about how great they were . i do n't see it . this is another cd in a long line of cds from the 90s that are a disgrace to music . 
camera neg 73.txt after just over a year , my lens jammed and the display read " e18 " . so i was pretty upset to discover that this is an extremely common defect - and a defect that canon refuses to admit . try googling canon s500 e18 " , and you 'll see what i meant . do n't buy it unless you want a very expensive paperweight 
camera neg 340.txt this frame is just ok you have to resize all your pictures and the quality is not good at all you are just better off paying the extra $75 and getting the phillip 
camera neg 395.txt i was extremely disappointed with this product ; i felt very let down by sony , because for years i bought sony items with confidence , knowing that anything produced by them would be good and reliable . this item only goes to prove that sony 's standards have dropped and , as such i will use considerable caution when buying anthing else of theirs . what lets this product down is the lack of distance one can be before the sound breaks up ; 2 metres ( not 45 metres as stated on the wrapping ) was the best i could do , and that was in a straight line . no , all this item is fit for is the rubbish bin 
music neg 300.txt the " drummer " ( more like " the anti-drummer " ) on this is johnny cresci . he is maddeningly lacking in even basic garage band ability , and literally has no idea what a 6 / 8 blues meter is . how he landed on the same stage with these legends may be the musical mystery of all time . for me , mr. " clueless " cresci makes it nearly impossible to enjoy the brilliant performances going on despite his anti-rhythmic upchucking.....kinda like driving an aston martin with a flat tire ! i have tried to get beyond cresci 's chops for over a year of listening now , and i simply ca n't do it . if you 're a musician , his playing will make you extremely agitated . i 'm gonna have to trade this in , and go on listening to live adventures like i have for the past 37 years . this would have been much better with the drum tracks totally muted on the 6 / 8 numbers . granted , this is an historically significant release , but i think it should have stayed in the vault , or released with johnny cresci having been digitally removed or replaced 
camera pos 789.txt the lens adaptor threads on very easily and i 've not seen any loss in color or light from using this filter 
software neg 847.txt i have had trouble and no satisfaction with this product . i am downloading grateful dead concerts from the internet . i want to turn them into audio or data cds . sometimes i get a whole concert as one giant file ; i want to cut that into tracks and save it . sometimes i get a bunch of tracks ; i want to combine the songs that " go into " one another ( my car stereo inserts a two-second delay between tracks ) . one of the things i want to do is to save the files ( which are mostly mp3s ) in the same bit rate and format as the originals , so i loose as little " music " as possible . the mp3 codec seems to be really buggy . most of the combinations of bit rates and codec strategies create really wacky files : some go 5 / 6 normal speed , others are compressed into chopped up shortened versions of the original . when i pick a combination of settings that work , i usually lose a lot of fidelity as compared to the original ( even when i 'm only combinining four mp3 's into one ) . try cutting one mp3 into two , and then recombining the parts into a whole . no matter what i try , there 's a little click in the place where the two files are joined . this should be an easy thing , since a lot of very basic editing is cutting and splicing . the upshot is , buying this was $40 down the drain . i 'm going to have to find better software for my purposes 
music neg 194.txt i 'm surprised this show got past season 1. honestly , more talent can be found in my local karaoke bar . this show does not discover talent , they produce and market it . it is really demeaning to musicians everywhere . the judges are a joke , i guess the producers tell them what to say . simon " the jerk " cowell tries hard to be rude to everyone , hey...he has made a living out of it . randy jackson 's vocab is limited to " yo " , " yeah " and " dawg " . paula , who 's the only one who i think deserves to even comment on the singers..unfortunately praises everyone , be it for their performance / energy / character / looks / ( fill with any word of your choice ) . all in all , a total disaster...only in shows this sh*tty , can no-talents like william hung be hailed as a celebrity . i am shocked people other than the families of those participating would actually spend time and money voting for these posers . on a more positive note , it 's good that people do n't actually buy the albums , thus resulting in total disappearing acts from idol winners like ruben and fantasia...now we just need the american public to stop tuning in to the shows . well , hope is all we have , right 
camera neg 571.txt the product features are ok , but the screen is very small . also , the resolution needs to be better . the photos were very grainy . an impressive looking product with not so impressive output 
camera pos 464.txt i always say that there is technology you can use and technology you can impress others with . this model helps you do both . you have a nice 5.1 mp still camera and mpegmovie4tv video . the very fact that you have a camera which you can take both still pictures and video is huge . i never had a video camera before because i hate to carry two camera and a big camera case , so this was the obvious solution . i realize that instead of embracing the moment ( for which they need the memory ) most people often juggle between cameras . cons : * sometimes people might confuse it with camera phone * buttons are harder to find * software is not the best * wish had more zoom pros : * convince * compact * battery lasts long * flash is good * video sound quality is good i wonder why this model has not swept the market - another story of good product and mad marketing 
camera neg 534.txt unfortunately i had to return the unit because it was not designed to be used on a mac 10.4 program ( the tech at the company said he was not aware it was meant to be used by a mac . 
camera pos 258.txt i read many reviews at fredmiranda.com before i purchased this lens and i was not dissapointed one bit . i was lucky enough to receive a very sharp copy of this lens on the first try . the macro shots were very sharp and contrasty . the center part is already reaching near maximum sharpness at f2.8 anything beyond f4 is tack sharp . be carefull with this lens though . the dof at f2.8 is extremely narrow . do n't mistaken the out of focus shots for being unsharp . focus properly and crank up the aperture and you 'll get some very satisfying macro shots . the only thing i wish this lens had was image stabilizer . canon , how about a 100mm macro with is ? 
camera pos 685.txt this is not a high-tech digital frame . it does n't play mp3's . it does n't come with a remote . it simply reads your digital pictures from a card and displays them in a slide show mode . there 's an " on " button and an " off " button . there is no manual to read in order to learn how to operate your frame ( though it does come with a one-page instruction sheet ) . it 's great for your office desk when all you need to do is reach over and turn it on or off . if you want to display it in a difficult-to-reach location , or choreograph your pictures with music , then this is not the frame for you 
music pos 269.txt if you are expecting " safari moon pt. 2 " , you will be dissapointed . air took a more adventuourous , darker , ambient , serious , experimental , and ultimtately brilliant journey into electronic music . the songs here range from sounding like aphex twin ( without the weird off-putting effects or heavy drums ) to thievery corp. air still has a beautiful sense of melody and as usual the tunes themselves are beautifully and creatively put together ( even a throwaway air song is a well-crafted one ) . overall , all us true hardcore air fans love this album . those who only loved ms may not like it , but that 's their loss i say 
music neg 292.txt it 's sad that people can get a record deal for beinga good kareoke singer . yeah , maybe my fish can get a record deal : they " sing " in tone , can breath , but refue to lip-synch ( i know it sounds gay ) . this is just sad because bands that play their own instruments , write their own songs , and perform their own songs can pretty much get almost no attention . let 's take the band king 's x : doug pinnick ( vocals / bass ) is an amazing metal singer who can sing in perfect pitch and writes good lyrics about god ( king 's x is a christian band ) ; ty tabor ( guitar / vocals ) has some of the bestguitar solos you probably do n't know ; and jerry gaskill ( drums / vocals ) has some pretty complicated rhythm patterns...yet only like a few dozen people ( i know a lot more people than that like kx ; i 'm just exagerating ) seem to like this band . it 's sad . if you want good music , listen to the band i just menioned ( king 's x if you were n't paying attention ) . ( if amazon does n't post this i will seriously get poed ! 
music neg 371.txt in the past , i used to distance myself from certain rock genres because of a bad first experience . i 'd be introduced to band , not like it , and claim the entire genre as being ' not for me' . the forecast , however , has changed how i feel . i , personally , love a heartfelt emo record just as much as the next guy , but only because i was introduced to jimmy eat world and spitalfield a couple of years back . those bands allowed me to embrace the entire genre as a whole , and expand my emo knowledge . imagine though , if you will , that i was new to emo . you , in theory , hand me a copy of " late night conversations " and tell me to listen . of course , i hate it , and lose any interest i may have had in the genre . to make a long story short , the only good that came out of ' late night conversations ' ( an underproduced , generic , stale piece of s**t ) was the revelation that came post-listen . never judge an entire genre by the first or second band you 're introduced to ( from said entire genre ) . not every metal band is iron maden . not every punk-pop band is blink 182. not every nu-metal band is linkin park . not every ' emo ' band is jimmy eat world . every aspect of music has it 's ups and downs , and the forecast is clearly one of the downs . now that i 've bored you with an entire rant about nothing , i 'd like you to pass on ' late night conversations' . with your help , the forecast wo n't sell another record , and , in turn , leave the scene forever . not recommended , duh 
camera neg 582.txt instead of this pick up a plextor convertor box . it takes the output of the camcorder ( composite / rca or s-video ) and compresses that to mpeg-2 ( dvd ) or mpeg-4 ( or divx ) and includes software which easily burns that to dvd or cd ( mpeg-1 or mini dvd ) . look for plextor 's m402u box . unless you really want to deal with 3.125 mb of data per second ( 25 mbps ) , or about 180 mb per minute , or about 11 gb per hour through the firewire link , get the m402u . your options will be greatly expanded , and you wo n't tell the difference by looking 
camera neg 10.txt they sent me wrong lens cover and said i ordered the wrong one..........do n't think so since i got copy.......poor customer service all around.... . 
camera neg 429.txt it 's only redeemingly quality is the price ( if you get a good deal ) . photo quality is poor , and screen is quite small ( 3x5 ) . navigation is not overly complicated , but buttons must be pushed hard to work . it did work perfectly fine - took sd card , even connected to my mac and drag and drop photos onto the sd card i inserted into the frame . but , because of the poor quality of the photos , i do n't suggest buying 
music pos 763.txt the dead were primarily a live road band , but on this and the other great album from 1970 ( american beauty ) the band proved their mettle in the studio , moving into less spacey territory . the music reflects their range , from country and bluegrass to folk , blues and rock . superb . ps . their early studio effortsanthem.. . , aoxomoxoa ) were also noteworthy experiments , but the music was n't as powerful as the live interpretations 
software pos 2.txt i concur with the review that points up the problems with adobe 's new " license manager " method of activation . when you pay as much as you do for this app , or the entire suite , you should not be faced with complete lockup should you have hardware problems , or ca n't connect to the internet from " location shooting . " i took one star off for this egregious marketing tactic . that said , this version of photoshop is superb , an otherwise 5-star app . if you take the time to use the tutorials included in the help ( used to be separate folders , with chapters 1 - 4 of the classroom in a book , but no more alas ) , or get one of deke mcclelland 's fine tomes and do all the lessons , there is nothing in this app that the novice ca n't start to use from day one . with today 's point & shoot cameras packing more resolution , and more manual control , into their functions , use of photoshop becomes more than just a hobby . you can really " rescue " photos that are too dark , too bright , exceedingly color-shifted , from the " cut " folder and still make prints . further , the camera raw functionality allows anyone with a sufficiently functional digicam to touch up snapshots into fine photography . a warning : you need the fastest processor you can afford ( a core duo or quatro will be superb ) , and as much ram as your system can take . there is an optional performance plug-in which maximizes performance on systems with more than 1 gigabyte of ram . you need at least that much under windows xp to get good performance out of ps cs2. if you can use 2gb or more dual-channel memory , that 's even better ( the dual-channel ram adds a small boost when handling large file sizes , e.g. camera raw image sources ) . if you do n't have these , do n't expect photoshop to act fast . adobe bridge is a major improvement for this version . it offers superior file and image management functions , and can even do batch editing on images . you can even perform camera raw adjustments right from bridge . bridge can perform batch processes while you edit in photoshop . if that is n't cool , i do n't know what is . if you doubt me , check out deke mcclelland 's photoshop cs2 one-on-one tutorial for his chapter on using adobe bridge . his video introduction ( included on a dvd in the book ) , and chapter on using and customizing bridge , are terrific introductions . if you 're a user of versions 5.x ( as i was ) , 6 , or 7 , upgrading to cs2 is a no-brainer . do n't wait . get it now before the adobe license manager gets worse in 2007 
music neg 958.txt i am a huge fan of thomas newman but really this cd presents nothing new . it comes across as merely a re-hash of the airy , atmospheric , melody-free cues from his other recent scores . it has none of the originality of american beauty or road to perdition . frankly , as much as i like his scores , i do n't think this warranted a cd release , it 's just got too bland and ordinary , no matter how beautifully constructed and pristine it all sounds . a pity 
camera neg 748.txt i have owned this camera for ~6 months and have finally deciced to replace it . i bought this camera to replace another nikon coolpix that was stolen from my house . but this one does not have a view finder to begin with and is way more complicated to use . i have always liked nikon cameras but the s9 just does n't make it . i can not use it outside because i can not see the lcd screen . sorry nikon but you blew it on this camera ! ! so i replaced it with a canon powershot a710. what a difference in ease of use and.. . it has a view finder . also my 1g memory card from rhe nikon fots in the new canon . 
music pos 134.txt for those who have only heard the hits this is a fine addition for your collection . bruce and the boys were young and completely up to the task of handing out the long jams you find here . the title sums up the overall feeling of the songs . there 's a certain joy and a ton of fun to be had . put this on one nice warm spring day and see if it does n't lift your mood . caution : must be listened to while drinking a cold domestic beer 
camera pos 449.txt i bought these for a trip to costa rica and used them every day . they are comfortable , easy to focus , and a great choice for the price . these are perfect for folks like me who are interested in casual use for travel , concerts , sports , etc 
dvd pos 423.txt while it is certainly fun to watch just to see the performers , this history of rock simply does n't jell as a whole.by trying to explain the evolution of the music , the pleasure gets lost along the way.if you are a rock connaisseur , you wo n't learn many new things if you watch this.what you should do is take it as a starter point and then go further with documents who gets deeper with one particular field ( ex:motown or british invasion ) .as it is , it tries to cover too much ground at once and still manages to forget a few artists like emerson , lake and palmer and king crimson among others.it costs me $80 dollars ( canadian money ) for this 5 dvd set , which is too much for what it 's worth.rent it and enjoy the clips 
software pos 948.txt if you 've been living under a rock for the past year or so , perhaps you can be excused for not having heard about microsoft 's new edition to the windows canon . for all others , vista has become a fact of life , whether or not you actually run the operating system yet . check out a tech website and you 'll find a vista screen shot somewhere , either depicting some impressive overclocking results via cpu-z , or else simply for no other purpose than to show the world , " yes , i can run aero- -are n't you jealous ? " in fact , it 's hard to avoid vista these days . and , as always seems to be the case , most of what you hear is probably negative . that 's where i come in . i 've waited a while before writing this review , both to test the operating system and to wait for the horror stories to fade away . they haven't . and this can only mean one thing : the positive stories are n't getting through because most people who are satisfied with a product generally do n't feel the need to comment on it . now of course you 've probably seen quite a few anxious posts ( most likely in all capital letters ) either bashing microsoft for everything under the sun , praising vista indiscriminately , making it seem as though you need a $5000.00 enthusiast-class computer to run the thing , or boasting about mac 's venerable os x and how windows vista is nothing more than a bad copy thereof . needless to say , none of these sorts of things helps , and all of them create a sense of confusion and negativity that reflects heavily on the product . and , if you analyze them closely , you 'll realize that *none of them actually says anything about windows vista.* if you do n't believe me , then just go visit apple 's discussion area and check out the ipod pages . you 'd get the impression that ipods were the worst products ever made and that every single one has problems . yet , if this were the case , then why have in excess of 100 million units been sold thus far ? the answer is obvious : people seem compelled to review products only if something went wrong with their experience . in short , people confuse review sites with complaint forums . therefore , as the self-proclaimed dr. prog , i feel it my duty to step out of my usual mode of reviewing progressive rock albums and give an honest , no nonsense review of microsoft windows vista home premium . -the interface - ah , yes . you 've heard all about the new windows vista aero interface by now . and virtually every screen shot you 'll ever see will feature aero . but it 's much more than just pretty , glass-like window frames . aero includes many new enhancements to the ui , such as the live thumbnails that appear when you mouse-over minimized windows . as the name suggests , these actually update in real time , so if there is a video or an animation playing in the window , it will appear in the live thumbnail . this is very useful . perhaps less useful but scoring about an 8 on the 1-10 " coolness factor " scale is the oft-mentioned 3d-flip , which allows the user to view a three-dimensional representation of all open windows , along with offering the ability to virtually paw through these to bring the desired window to the forefront . these are the things you 'll hear the most about . what you do n't hear so much is all the general changes that have been made to the overall interface . the new icons are photo-realistic and size-scalable . they start out a little large , but you can set them to any size within a wide spectrum . the explorer windows have been radically redressed , with a new breadcrumbs backward navigation tool that beats the old address bar hands down ( you can retrace your steps in a logical , step-by-step manner , instead of using the cryptic addresses ) . also , they 're spruced up with decorations that recall the visual aura style of some of the new wallpapers . speaking of which , these are for the first time actually usable , unlike in previous versions of windows , where the wallpapers have been small and grainy . more general changes include the absence of menu bars in most areas of explorer , including ie . these can be replaced momentarily with a tap of the alt key , at least until you learn how to navigate without them . also , the animations are much better than in previous versions of windows , particularly the one you see when copying a file . in addition , the start menu has been reworked drastically . it does n't even say " start , " anymore ; instead , it 's simply a blue orb with the windows logo . the first big change is the way programs are accessed : gone is the delicate and finicky ever-expanding hierarchy system , where a slightly overzealous hand could miss the mark and close the entire desired level . now , the all programs button leads to an explorer-like listing of folders , each clearly named , and each of which opens and closes with a single mouse click . each time the start menu is opened , the folders reset themselves . also , they are automatically alphabetized . the start menu also contains most of the system links usually found on the desktop ( computer , documents , etc. ) , which is why the only thing on the desktop the first time you boot up is the recycle bin . and , in case you have seen screen shots or have tried out vista already , the search bar at the bottom pulls double duty as a replacement for the run command utility . speaking of search , though i seldom ever find myself wondering where my files are ( i suppose i 'm unique in this respect ) , many people have far more data to keep track of than me , and thus they will greatly appreciate the enhanced and pervasive searching facilities of vista . there are search boxes virtually everywhere in explorer , including the start menu . there is even one in ie7 , though it is not integrated with the system search . but , as you 've probably noticed , this is but a list of interface changes and additions . i assure you the list could go on and on , and i know i 'll receive more than one comment reminding me about some feature or other i 've forgotten . i 'll read those when they come and add material as necessary . but , aside from this , how does this new interface really impact the end user ? to be perfectly honest , though it 's certainly pretty and a few parts of it required a little adjustment , it did n't feel much different from previous windows versions to me . but , to be honest , this is a good thing . perhaps you 've heard that it 's a nightmare to learn vista . that 's a load of hogwash . a few things are renamed , a few things have been moved around , and on the whole everything looks prettier . but it 's still windows ; it accomplishes the same tasks and it works virtually the same as it always did . -included software bundle - taking a hint from apple , microsoft has included a compliment of digital media manipulation software . while of course ilife is superior , there is one issue that must be cleared up : ilife is not an integral part of mac os x as you may have been led to believe . older mac users must purchase it ; it only comes with the newer macs . therefore , microsoft windows vista , to be purely technical , offers the most comprehensive digital media suite ever offered stock with an os . however , technicality is seldom practical , and microsoft 's inclusion is no ilife killer . still , the included calendar ( new in vista ) , photo viewing and editing application ( new ) , windows media player 11 , windows movie maker , and windows dvd burning program ( new ) are nothing to scoff at . no , they wo n't replace dedicated , professional stand-alone programs , but let 's be honest : neither will ilife . the new internet explorer 7 is a step forward from the piece of swiss cheese ie6 was , insofar as security . new features include a phishing filter , tabbed browsing , and improved security . additionally , ie7 runs in protected mode , also called a " sandbox . " the idea is that this one application is cordoned off from the rest of the system , thereby making it more difficult for malicious software to take control of your computer . but that 's more for the security section of the review . the new ie7 is certainly more attractive than the older versions , and the version in vista offers enhanced visual appeal that the xp port of the software lacks . to be perfectly honest , i still use mozilla firefox ( mostly because i ca n't stand those blinking ads on web pages , and there is a firefox extension that gets rid of that annoyance once and for all ) , but if i had to , i would have no qualms using ie7. the new incarnation of window media player is really no different from the xp port . it still does n't support aac , and it still does n't handle gapless playback . as an ipod user and a progressive rock fan , respectively , i can gather only one thing from these shortcomings : it 's time to break out itunes . do n't get me wrong : wmp is not at all a bad tool . it 's still the default player on my system for most audio types . however , once an ipod owner and prog rocker , always an ipod owner / progger . i still say itunes is king , if only because its interface is cleaner , it supports my audio device , and it offers gapless playback . i have n't extensively tested the windows movie maker application , but i have read that it is updated very slightly from the xp version . the photo editing tool is completely new for vista , and after a little experimenting i was pleased that , though simple , the controls offer nice results . this application is on par with many of the basic image editing software packages you 'll see offered with digital cameras , printers , and the like . the other applications have yet to receive my testing , only because i do n't often burn dvd movies , and i have n't entered an event in a calendar in about ten years . as far as windows mail , i cannot be objective because i have never used outlook or outlook express . reports seem to indicate that windows mail is simply a dressed-up outlook express , with many of the same features . as i said , i have never used a mail program . call me old-fashioned , but i just check and write my mail from my internet browser . either way , i do n't honestly believe microsoft would offer outlook-level functionality in the stripped down version of outlook 2007. all in all , i was rather impressed at the steps microsoft has taken to embrace the digital media age . the effort falls short of ilife and proprietary solutions in this regard , but then , that is simply to be expected . i have n't really benefited tremendously from the new additions , but there is certainly nothing wrong with them , and i know many people will be very happy with this digital media suite . -security - this is the big picking point many people ( rightfully ) have with windows xp . it seems as though there 's at least two critical security updates every week . the mac commercials definitely have a point , but that 's only because macs make up so small a percentage of the market share ( though it is indeed a growing share ) that it is not advantageous for malware to be written for os x users . even so , xp does n't get a free pass here . something had to be done . and that something was the security measures taken in windows vista . the " sandbox " has already been mentioned above , but other features have been added . one of these , windows defender ( microsoft 's anti-spyware program ) , is one of those rare pieces of software that is just perfect : it may not be the best at what it does , but it 's unobtrusive , it 's simple to use , and it 's totally and completely free . leave it on to supplement your already existing spyware solution , and you can only benefit . also featured in vista is the now infamous user account control ( uac ) . basically , it prompts you every time your computer does basically anything , including installing programs , running some programs , updating settings , etc. and , if you were wondering , the mac commercials have it right : it really is that annoying . to be fair , you will see far fewer of these alerts once the bulk of your software has been installed , but until then you will be very , very sick of uac . i do n't advise this , but since i was able to get my anti-virus and anti-spyware software up and running on vista , i finally turned off uac . symantic seems to think this was unwise , but norton virus scan does n't bother me about it other than to recommend , on its information page , that i leave uac activated . yeah . like that 's going to happen . beyond these broad , tangible aspects of security , there is a lot of new stuff under the hood of vista that makes it less susceptible to malicious attacks . mostly , unless you 're very savvy , you do n't need to understand it all and , to be frank , do n't ask me because i have n't the foggiest how it all works . i 'm just glad it 's there . overall , i think microsoft has made a valiant effort with security . i would still not advise running any windows operating system without active virus and spyware protection , but at least vista has taken a step in the right direction . plus , you likely have anti-virus and anti-spyware software from running windows xp , which you can then install on vista . -the hardware - graphics : this is the part i have been waiting for . everything i read up until i finally installed vista told me i needed a dedicated graphics card with at least 256 mb of memory in order to run aero . i 'll be honest : i fell for it . i had a graphics card *in my hand* , but on the way to the checkout i realized i had left my gift certificate at home . so i decided to wait and see how my hardware would react . this is where i realized the utter bias among the tech community : i had absolutely no trouble running aero on integrated graphics . and that only makes sense because my setup is rather typical : a 17 " flat panel monitor and a modern computer . this will be what the majority of people have at the moment , and at this size , ig should have no trouble running aero . now use logic : if you want to run dual 24 " widescreen monitors , yeah , you 'll need a graphics card . especially since i do n't believe there even exists a dual monitor-capable ig motherboard ( if there is such a thing , it 's certainly not available on the oem consumer market ) . but if you have a fairly typical single monitor scenario on a computer that you bought within the past few years , you should have no trouble at all insofar as graphics . do n't be fooled . if you want to be absolutely sure , however , there is no harm- -and plenty of good sense- -in downloading microsoft 's free upgrade advisor utility to see if your setup is in any way deficient . plus , if you find you ca n't run aero for any reason , you were going to upgrade to vista anyway , so you can still buy dedicated graphics at that point . you do n't need the top-of-the-line card unless you want to make this an excuse to foray into gaming ; older technology that will get you up and running can be had for very reasonable prices . ram : there is one area , however , where many computers will be deficient : ram . oddly enough , while many sources are pushing the graphics card brigade , an almost equally strong force- -the computer manufacturers themselves- -seems to think that ram is no big deal . trust me : if you 've ever tried to run windows xp on 256 mb of ram , it 's a painful experience . that 's what vista is like on 512 mb- -you do n't even want to go there . dell is shockingly honest when they qualify the " minimum " vista requirement of 512 mb of ram ( as per microsoft ) as " great for booting the operating system , without running any applications or games . " this is where most people will have to upgrade their machines . 1 gb is perfectly acceptable ; if you want true multitasking power ( and you have the dual-core processor to support it ) , then go for 2 gb or more . for most people , however , 1 gb will be fine . my first of two vista machines has 1 gb and it works perfectly . i will warn you , though , that often times memory is installed in pairs , so your 512 mb is most likely two 256 mb modules . the paired method offers better performance , but it will make upgrading a system with only two memory slots somewhat expensive ( though not exorbitant by any means ) . but this is not somewhere you want to skimp , so at least one pair of 512 mb memory modules should be on your list of extra hardware if you have only 512 mb of memory currently installed . processor : this is perhaps the most accurate in terms of the hype . you 'll need at least a 1 ghz processor to run aero . many computers with such processors do n't even support 1 gb of ram , so if you 're in that situation , you will definitely be looking at a new computer with vista pre-installed . however , these are very old machines by this point , and most of us have something slightly newer . one myth that needs to be dispelled is that dual-core processors will run vista better than single-core cpus : vista is , for the most part , based on the microsoft server 2003 code , which is , in turn , based on the xp code , both of which came before the advent of multi-core processing . therefore , to the effect that the operating system is run , there will be only a marginal difference between a single-core or a dual-core cpu , provided both use identical core architectures . of course any applications that take advantage of multi-threading will benefit from multiple cores , but this was , is , and will always be the case , independent of the operating system . the question is simply whether you see yourself multitasking more with vista . if that 's the case , then a new computer with a dual-core processor installed is probably your best bet ; if you 're fine with your current setup , then it will most likely run vista and aero without any problems . it is interesting to note , however , that some upgrade aptitude utilities have some small quirks and will give conflicting and non-real results . for example , such a utility offered by advanced micro devices ( amd ) passed both my a64 x2-based machines without a hitch . however , when on a whim i ran it on my old p4-based desktop , the utility seemed to think that a 2.40b ghz pentium 4 northwood ( 533 fsb ) would be insufficient to run vista . i smell amd bias , even though i happen to favor amd over intel . just take what such utilities tell you with a grain of salt , and remember that microsoft 's own utility is likely the most reliable . generally , your processor will not be an issue when upgrading to vista . hard drive : again , this one is pretty straightforward . if you have a 40 gb hard drive or better , you 're good to go . and if you do n't have that , hard drives are so cheap these days that you could easily at least triple your current capacity for about what it costs to take the family out to dinner one evening ( amazon does not allow price figures , hence my vagueness regarding pricing throughout this review ) . things get interesting when you consider a dual boot scenario . this is when you have two operating systems running on the same system , either on the same or on different hard drives . in my honest opinion , this is the best way to go because you get to keep your current operating system ( just in case you run into problems with vista ) , and you also get to have vista . keep in mind that , in order to run vista on the same hard drive as your current os , you 'll need to install each os on a separate partition . you can either purchase a third party partitioning tool , or do what i did , which was use the ubuntu linux live boot disc 's built-in partitioning utility . of course there is risk involved with this last solution ( but , in my experience , i 've used it dozens of times with no problems ) , so do the latter only at your own risk . -compatibility - this is where most of the horror stories have come from . both hardware and software compatibility nightmares are flitting around in denser clusters than fish flies in june . up until recently , anti-virus and anti-spyware programs have been unable to install on vista . in addition , many proprietary printer applications are incompatible , yet the printer itself will often times function perfectly . graphics and sound card drivers still have n't really caught up , despite the fact that they 've had a little over two years to do so . i wo n't deny that , if your system just happens to roll the snake eyes , you 're in for some hell . but it 's not half as bad as you hear . i installed vista without a hitch ; there is a separate part of the process where the os scans the system for hardware , installs the necessary drivers , and then generates a list of anything that does n't install properly . every piece of hardware i had was recognized . in addition , my printer was recognized and installed in about five seconds , despite the fact that its own software would not install ( and that its maker , hp , still had n't posted a vista-compatible version ) . even my usb internet modem , which the upgrade advisor flat out said would not work with vista , installed and ran perfectly when i supplied the drivers from the manufacturer 's website . the fact is , vista has shipped with exponentially more drivers than any edition of xp . plus , it 's possible to supply drivers from manufacturers ' websites for the odd , esoteric bit of hardware that is n't immediately detected . sometimes it will work , sometimes not . but this is only to be expected when upgrading to a new os . i do n't seem to remember everything being rosy when xp came out , either . this is yet another item of strong support for a dual boot scenario . software is no different from hardware . all my software titles , with the possible exception of the ancient original roller coaster tycoon , work flawlessly with vista . and the latter did n't work with windows xp mce 2005 , either , so i do n't blame vista for this . if your software acts buggy or otherwise just wo n't work , check the manufacturer 's website . if it 's a fairly recent title , there will most likely be some compatibility patches or a whole new version of the application , all free of charge . just be ready to insert your product key , if required , in the latter case . now of course chances are that if you have some pet application from the mid-nineties , it might kick up a few dickens . again , a strong case for dual boot . the final and perhaps most prolific source of upgrade hell is , ironically , the upgrade itself . this process works by performing an in-place upgrade of an already existing operating system ( xp ) . these sorts of upgrades are notorious for problems , and the vista crop is no exception . however , since you 're currently viewing the full version page , this obviously is n't an issue for you . just remember , the best ways to install vista are either as a clean installation ( if necessary obliterating an existing os ) or a dual boot scenario . anything else and you might experience problems . but this has always been the case with in-place upgrades . -overall - i thank you for reading this far . most people won't . i know this was pretty long , but i wanted to get it all out there for people to read . vista is not a bad operating system . was i absolutely floored with it ? it may require some more time , but it has n't been the revelation microsoft promised . this is somewhat disappointing , and yet , somewhat reassuring as well . i did n't suffer any downtime because i could n't figure out how the operating system works , i did n't have any glaring compatibility issues , and my computer has worked virtually error-free ever since i first installed the os . in short , the change , while not mind blowing , was n't drastic or disturbing , either . at the end of the day , just remember : it 's windows . love it or leave it , it 's just microsoft 's operating system . vista will do the same thing as xp and earlier editions ; it 's not a source of inspiration or drive . it 's only as good as the person who 's using it . 
camera pos 63.txt i purchased the canon off camera shoe cord to use with the canon ex 580 for weddings . i needed the cord to use the flash on a braket to avoid red eye . it does what it 's supposed to . no complaints . 
music neg 754.txt there are some artists who have been active since the 60 's and 70 's and who are still producing vibrant , excellent music . paul simon , say , or bob dylan . kate bush , though she started a little later . all of these artists have evolved past their original sound but are still great . joni mitchell should have stopped when she was ahead . maybe i do n't rate as a jm fan because i 've only heard blue , but i 've listened to that album hundreds of times times over the years . i wanted to find out what she was up to since then , and bought this album . all i have to say is , it was like nails on a chalkboard . i was expecting her to change and grow , but not into some pale ghost of the 60 's droning on about the evils of commercialism and modernism . the lyrics are old and tired , and the instrumentation is hackneyed and stale , too . the only good lyrics on this album were provided by yates . at least her paintings are good . 
camera pos 722.txt i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures 
music pos 627.txt my personal favorite dashboard cd . every other one of their cds have maybe a few good songs that i like , but the places you have come to fear the most has pretty much a solid tack lis 
music neg 875.txt this album in some ways is a perfect antithesis of the quirky , wacky , vivid personality of the first three galactic studio albums- -this is boring , flat and generic . is that stanton moore or a drum machine ? precede straight to garage a trois 
music pos 810.txt i just love lynch mixed with dooms production . it is what real is 
music pos 212.txt even if you do n't know much about donny hathaway , this collection of songs is a fun mix and it 's very moving . it includes some classics with roberta flack that are terrific . i enjoy it tremendously 
music pos 857.txt i have listened to this cd for the last several years before going to sleep at night . i love classical music , and this is great music to help make my soul feel at peace and unwind after a taxing day . 
camera pos 398.txt has any one tried the compatible battery from power101 ? i ca n't believe the price . i am struggling btwn buying the sony brand battery and the compatible ones 
music neg 226.txt although prince is an utter genious ! this cd is merely a boring contract filler . i suggest you buy one of his older albums or the new album " musicology " instead 
camera pos 468.txt this scope is one of the best gen 1 units on the market . at 36 lines / mm , it has just about the best resolution . most other units only have 24 lines / mm . the illuminator is bright ( almost too bright ) , uniform , and has a crisp edge . it could be a bit larger , however , so that it would fill the field of view . note that if you remove the eyepiece or lens , ( to put on the riflescope eyepiece or change the magnification ) you will break the seal and the unit will no longer be waterproof . do n't bother with the ir flashlight . it 's output is actually less than the built-in illuminator and it is far from uniform . 
music pos 947.txt never mind the fact that jay introduced the jazz world to charlie parker . his band rocked ! after basie , nobody swung like mcshann . this 2 dis set covers the big band sides and the later 40 's small band jump blues sides . anything by this man is worth listening to . another great disc by the proper label , who release wonderful compilations with informative booklets at a bargain price . highly recommended 
music pos 160.txt being a professional dancer as well as a teacher and having seen hundreds of musicals , i must say i rate this as & quot ; one of the best&quot ; . the dancers are fantastic ! the music utterly great , the choice of dances ( from classical to rock ) is highly deversified . ca n't wait till i get it so i can play it again and again . as well as & quot ; rock the house , shake my bootie , etc&quot 
camera pos 954.txt considering the price this camera works great , i use it for taking family pics and is wonderful . what i dont like is the lack of zoom great product anyway 
music neg 605.txt this cd and the one entitled " night ranger 's greatest hits are almost identical , but are different in this way : " best " contains " i did it for love " . " greatest " contains , instead , " rumours in the air " and " restless kind " . the other 10 tracks on each cd are the same . so , which one to buy ? my choice is the one with the extra track . also , in my opinion , both tracks on " greatest " are better than the one on " best " . in addition , here 's hoping that the band or record label decides to release a true " greatest hits " or " best of " album that will contain about 15 or 16 songs . or maybe a multi-disc compilation that will include some rare tracks . night ranger fans would surely delight to see something like that 
music neg 89.txt this album made me realize that darn record company produces , for examle , two regular albums ; two best albums ; two tribute albums ; and finally two mixture of everything under a sounds-like-new-but-actually-an-old albums from a musician . this is an example of the mixture of previously released , re-released , at last , over-released best tracks with a sounds-like-regular album title . let me tell you one thing . jp is dead and gone since rob left the band . i doubt there will be more regular jp albums but you 'll have plenty of compilations like this coming out until you stop buying 
music neg 582.txt de la proliferacion de bandas angloparlantes de los ' 70 , no encuentro motivos para destacar esta placa....una mas y nada mas ue eso..despues de todo , es mi humilde opinion....humm..humble pie , descansa tranquilo... . 
camera neg 406.txt have had it for a few weeks and glad i brought it great procuc 
music neg 380.txt i 'm sure it was fun for van to record a bunch of songs he likes , but overall this would have made for a disappointing bootleg . thanks for all the great music through the healing game . all good times have to come to an end 
camera pos 829.txt i bought this camera to replace a casio exilim ex-s500 that was sadly stolen from me . it 's the same size , which i love , and as convenient , which is awesome . it has a large bright screen to see the pictures you are taking or have taken . it 's one of my favorite things ever 
dvd pos 228.txt disney made its mark as a major studio in 1937 with its first full-length feature film , snow white and the seven dwarves . ironically , given this early success , snow white was their only hit movie for the next 13 years . world war ii kicked the hell out of disney 's overseas markets . even movies today regarded as classic disney - pinnochio , bambi , fantasia - lost money on initial release . disney eked through by diversifying into training films for the us government , and the south american films that were part of fdr 's good neighbor policy , etc. - stuff that made back its costs but not much more . by 1948 , disney was in dire financial straits . they had just enough money for one more movie . walt disney realized he needed a hit or his studio probably would n't survive , and it would have to be what they did best : a full-length animated feature film . walt said to himself , " what we need is a movie about a girl in trouble . audiences love that . they loved snow white . " that 's what he wanted : a movie like snow white , but even more so - more comedy , more drama , more magic , more music , more lovable characters . he chose as the basis of his company 's hail mary pass arguably the most famous fairy tale in the world : cinderella . disney did n't have the money , as they had on earlier films , to lavishly storyboard every scene . thus they hit upon the wonderfully clever idea of shooting the entire movie in live action , then the animators used stills from that as storyboards . the photos used survive to this day , and many are provided as a special edition " extra . " in some cases these photos have the animator 's drawings over them , turning for instance an almost bare stage into a hall in cinderella 's family chateau . in 1950 , cinderella was released and was everything disney so desperately needed . even today , cinderella is arguably the best movie disney 's ever made . it 's just awfully hard to argue with any aspect of this film . the animation artwork was a product of disney 's famous " nine old men " - at that time not yet old . cinderella pulls off , superbly , something not particularly easy to do : it integrates believable human characters with funny cartoon animals and makes it work . from eric larson and marc davis ' beautiful and graceful cinderella to ward kimball 's wonderful jaq and gus-gus the mice and over-the-top lucifer the cat , everything flows together so well it all seems perfectly natural . part of walt disney 's plan to out-snow white snow white with cinderella involved its music . he very consciously wanted cinderella to be a source of hit songs . there had been hit songs from disney films before ( " heigh ho " and " whistle while you work " from snow white , " when you wish upon a star " from pinnochio , etc. ) but they 'd been almost accidental . " oh , we have a hit song , well that 's nice . " for cinderella , disney for the first time went to tin pan alley ( 28th street in new york city where the professional songwriters could be found ) . disney wanted his girl 's music done by the very best craftsmen , the guys who wrote hit songs for a living . the cinderella soundtrack hit big ( a #1 album with 3 / 4 million units sold ) with songs even today considered quintessential disney , most notably " a dream is a wish your heart makes " from the movie 's opening scene , " the work song " while the animals help cinderella clean the house and simultaneously build her ball gown , and " bibbidi-bobbidi-boo " ( nominated for an academy award as best movie song of the year ) from the fairy godmother transformation scene . for their best movie , disney apparently spared no expense producing the dvd . not only has the picture quality been digitally restored , but the audio has also been cleaned up with a new 5.1 surround sound mix . totally gone is the background hiss associated with so many old movies . ( cinderella has the distinction of being " the noisiest movie ever restored " according to its audio crew . ) the original mono soundtrack has also been spruced and is provided as an option for purists . a word about the movie 's aspect ratio ( i.e. how wide the picture is compared to its height ) . the dvd cover says cinderella is presented in its " original full-screen aspect ratio ( 1.33:1 ) " . this is untrue . virtually all sound films until 1953 , including cinderella , were 1.37:1. since a tv screen is 1.33:1 , you do n't lose a lot when the original is " formatted to fit your television . " i just wish they had n't lied about it . cinderella ends at breakneck pace : we go straight from her foot sliding into the glass slipper to the wedding to happily ever after , bing , bang , boom . walt disney believed " audiences like a happy ending , but they do n't like a happy ending that goes on too long . " hey , who am i to argue ? well , maybe i 'll argue . a dvd extra addresses scenes originally planned for the movie but not actually used . one of these would have occurred after the fitting of the glass slipper and before the wedding : cinderella is taken by the grand duke to the castle in her normal everyday clothes ; the first time prince charming sees her since the ball she 's not wearing a lovely gown , she 's wearing her scullery maid outfit . cinderella is frightened , how will he react when he realizes she 's not a fine lady but a poor servant girl ? and of course he does n't care how she 's dressed , he loves her anyway . i can **see** that scene in my mind , it would have worked beautifully . this is the one way in which an almost perfect movie could have been even a tiny bit better 
camera neg 339.txt this frame looks great until you turn it on . the picture quality is less than stellar , but that is n't what annoyed me about this frame . when you buy this frame do n't expect to view your photos at the 16:9 ratio without some work in a photo manipulation program . what does that mean you ask ? that means that your photos wo n't fill the entire screen in the 4:3 mode . you will have 2 black bars on either side of your images ; this will not take advantage of the entire frame . if you switch to the 16:9 mode your images will stretch to the width of the frame , making peoples faces distorted . i have a workaround for those who are familiar with image manipulation . see below . the build quality of the frame is pretty good . if mustek would fix the 16:9 problem and get a better quality screen , this would be a nice little frame . a little work is evolved setting up the pictures for the 16:9 ratio , but i figured it out . 16:9 stretches the image , making it look distorted . these steps compensate for the stretch and make your images appear normal . i set up a macro in photoshop allowing me to do a batch in one click of the mouse . you will just need to keep an eye out on how it crops the image . some of your images might be better served one at a time . start with an image that is 1024x768 in your image editing program . 1. go to the image size menu and change the width of the image to 77% ( or 788 pixels ) this will make the image look distorted . that is ok . 2. then go to the canvas size menu and crop the height of the image to 77% ( or 591 pixels ) the image is ready to save . you might want to save as in to another folder so you can go back to your original if needed . 3. copy your edited images on to the flash card and insert into the frame 
camera pos 993.txt i have several different binoculars from small hand held to a large pair of nikon 's i use for wildlife spotting . i have never had anything that performs nearly as well as these do . i am a serious nature and wildlife photographer that has used high end canon photography equipment for years . when i saw a image stabilized binocular was available with " l " glass , ( this is the symbol that canon uses to identify their finest optics in camera lenses ) , i bought them immediately . these binoculars are a little bit heavier than a non stabilized pair , but the weight is easily compensated by the stabilizer . once you press the stabilizer button , the scene will lock , and the effect is amazing . i tested them by looking at a sign about 100 yards away . with my normal hand shake i could not read the sign at that distance . as soon i engaged the stabilizer , the image locked into place and never once moved . it performs as well as my camera lenses . as far as the optics , they are , in my opinion second to none in the world . the image is significantly brighter than any other set i have , and the calrity and sharpness is incredible . the night viewing capabilities are incredible . finally , a huge plus is that these binoculars are completely fog and weather sealed . change amibient temps , use them in the rain , and the will not allow condensation to get into the unit . a wonderful feature for those of us that use our equipment in other than nice weather . things to be aware of include : these are relatively large , which suit a medium to large hand size . if you have very small hands , your may not like the feel of the unit in your hands . second , the lens caps do not perform well . they simple do not stay on the unit . although for me this is not a serious issue , it is the one area that canon could have done a much better job . you can get around this issue by attaching a good uv filter to the lenses . ( you should probably do this anyway to protect the glass ) finally , the strap the the carry case comes with is poor . it is too thin to be comfortably worn for extended use . i would recommend you find a really comfortable aftermarket camera strap to use with these . summary : outstanding performance and quality . a little larger fell in your hands than some people may like , but once you learn to use them , i do not believe any serious birdwatcher or sports fan would ever let them go ! i give the canon l binoculars a 5 star rating . 
dvd pos 84.txt i have loved thie movie ever since seeing it on late night tv . i had to search a long time to find it on video before dvd was an option and i have been waiting impatiently for release on dvd since my vhs is wearing out . the gradual awakening of young ta to which girl is truly right for him and sammy fong 's attempt to disillusion his picture bride are priceless although the latter was often cut out during late night broadcasts . the ballet is sublime even though you can tell when they switched from james shigeta to a professional dancer . afterall , it 's the music and the story that make this great . 
music pos 669.txt basie 's best players come to duke 's place , the columbia records 30th street studios in 1961 and face ellington 's finest . not a battle , but not quite a merger , either , since the count 's contingent is heard in one speaker and their hosts in another channel . there 's more than an hour of good music on here , laid down in the dying days of big jazz touring orchestras . popular tastes had changed and the costs of keeping large groups of players together were impossible . this is one of those rare cd 's in which the booklet is almost as good as the music . this one reveals that during this 12-hour late-afternoon-to-early-morning session , one of ellington 's long-time employees quit the group forever because the boss would not take his side in a fight with a colleague . also interesting is the dispute over the title and cover graphics . basie hated columbia 's first idea to bill the date as a competition , and his agent even destroyed the only copy of the original cover art . the end result is an album whose sales over 40 years have been hurt because no one knows its name . the cover finally chosen says " the count meets the duke " but in larger letters it declares " first time ! " and then adds " 2 great orchestras " and finally states " duke ellington and count basie . " the label columbia / sony put on the disc itself for this reissue says " duke ellington meets count basie " which makes no sense because they had known each other since the 20's . if you already like both orchestras , you 'll want to own this late career session . if you want an introduction to each group in its waning years , the cd serves nicely for that , too . this disc really jives , so do n't be expecting any ballads here 
camera neg 800.txt amazon sent me an email asking me to write a review of this product . usually i like to have actually used the product before writing a review , but since i have n't received it yet , that is not possible . it has been over 1 month since i ordered this with the crutchfield storefront at amazon.com . amazon 's site indicated the product was in stock , but since ordering , it has been placed on back order twice and expected to ship in a few days from now . i just wonder how it could take so long to get a product from manufacturer to end user . i do n't know where this is manufactured , or who crutchfield 's supplier is , but needless to say i am not entirely pleased with this whole process.. . which does n't really have anything to do with amazon . i hear dv cable does it 's job , but i 'll have to wait and see 
music pos 146.txt this guy is a freak of nature ! different but in the same vein as illinoise . i loved it..no fillers to speak of . if you liked some of the more laid back songs on illinoise ! , you 'll love this album . its great regardless . highlights are : avalanche adlai stevenson saul bellow the mistress witch from mcclure springfiel , or bobby got a shadfly caught in his hair no man 's land the perpetual self , or " what would saul alinsky do ? s 
music pos 391.txt i bought this cd six months ago because i am a miami vice fan . i did n't expect it to be good , but it is wonderful . & quot ; in dulce decorum&quot ; is incredible ! this is a hard-to-find cd . you will love it ! i enjoy it more with each playing 
camera pos 396.txt i just bought this waterproof case in order to use my canon s410 on a scuba diving trip . i was a little nervous at first ( i could see me scrapping the camera after it got soaked to the bone ! ) , but i have to say that the waterproof case performed admirably ! i used it on 6 dives , and all of them were to depths of 80+ feet . i did not have one leak ! a word of caution- -i followed instructions and coated the seal of the camera with a fine coat of silicon gel ( just a small amount ) . i would like to think that the camera would not leak without this , but i did not want to take any chances . i would recommend this case to anyone who wants to use their canon camera on dive trips or excursions at the beach 
music neg 558.txt i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this album i do not like this albu 
music pos 103.txt i 'm just starting to become a true fan of pigpen . earlier , i just did n't get him and i would constantly skip forward to more of the gd extended jams . lately , i 've started to get what he was all about and what made him such an important part of the early dead shows . i 'm glad i picked up this set . it 's pigpen 's night and we should all be happy for this nice memory . pick it up . note : the rest of the band has some fine moments too ! ! 
dvd pos 112.txt ( 4.5 / 5 stars ) exceptional envisioning of the batman comic book by tim burton . michael keaton brings an understated disaffection in the role of the billionaire with a disturbed soul and dual personality . contrast this with the unbridled mania of the character in " batman begins ; " both are equally effective , though one style over the other will likely appeal to you . is there any topping jack nicholson in his role as jack napier / the joker ? only he can pull off such an exaggerated performance and have it be so fun without ruining a movie . even though his role is suitably funny , there is a little too much humor overall in the movie . robert wuhl 's character is especially unnecessarily comical . also , while danny elfman 's score is duly heroic and compelling , the music by prince just does n't mesh well and is probably not the best choice . nonetheless , the visuals are stunning , the action is taut and the film vastly entertaining . it is a testament to the film 's influence that numerous comic book movies have subsequently used danny elman scores ( including rival marvel 's " spider-man " ) and molded black rubber suits , though this film also owes much to 1978 's " superman " with its realistic approach and a-list villains . great stuff . 
camera neg 646.txt very good product very satisfied , the night vision is great clarity is very good and portability is awesome plus the price is even bette 
music pos 64.txt one of the best doobie collections out there " greatest hits " lives up to its name focusing on the singles the band recorded and that charted in their long career . some of the songs here are the single versions ( meaning they were edited and are shorter than the album versions ) and this might be a problem for some fans as they may want the full length versions of songs . maybe it 's because they were trying to squeeze more music onto the cd . either way fans may want to be aware of that . in fact even on the boxed set we get " listen to the music " , " nobody " and " rockin ' down the highway " in their single incarnations . perhaps its because that was the way fans originally heard them on the radio . either way , fans looking for the full length versions of these songs would do well to pick up one of the import " greatest hits " collections or wait for the remastered cds coming out later this year . this set does have one track not on the boxed set- - " without you " a great rocker . the cd booklet is exactly like the larger booklet that comes with the boxed set just laid out a bit differently . this definitely covers the highlights of the band 's career whether it be the tom johnston rockin ' years , michael mcdonald 's blue-eyed soul stage or the band 's reunion phase this has a bit of it all . personally , i would love to see a two disc distillation of the band 's " greatest hits " with a second disc of album tracks such as " i cheat the hangman " , " losin ' end " , " the captain and me " and " how do the fools survive ? " . in the meantime this single disc compilation will have to do for most fans . the sound is terrific pulling from the remasters produced by bill inglot for the boxed set . detail and clarity is remarkable and puts the previously issued " best of " pair to shame . this is the only place to get their singles from their first in 1970 " nobody " to their last ( when this compilation was put togetherin 2001 ) " dangerous " released in 1991. 
camera neg 644.txt i do n't see how they can recommend this kit for all dx cameras . the dx7590 would barely fit in that case 
dvd pos 819.txt they do't make musicals like this anymore . well , they do n't really make musicals anymore , do they ? they used to make them , made them well and they came out like " down argentine way . " the plot is just enough to keep your interest but the music is bright , costumes lavish and not a few laughts . the major players - betty grable and don ameche - are as engaging as usual.carmen miranda makes her us film debut and sings , dances and mispronounces her way to stardom . the 20th century fox role players appear ( charlotte greenwood , j . carrol naish , henry stephenson ) and add to the fun . 
music neg 673.txt i am wondering when this plague will be over... . and when we 'll be set free to listen to real music.. . we all are so tired of her 
camera pos 191.txt this kit is a must have for any of the compatible canon cameras . digital camera rule #1 : always carry a spare battery - the kit is almost worth it for that alone . the leather case is great : stylish looks that provides a tough protective armor in case you drop the camera . the neck strap is quite strong and looks good too . it may not be everyone 's cup of tea but i like it . it comes in handy when i need quick access to the camera and do n't want to fumble through pockets or bags 
music pos 129.txt i just bought this on cd as it was on sale through the cd club . i have the original vinyl , but had n't listened to it in years . this is one of the best works of music ever conceived , written and performed . it is absolutely timeless and each song impresses you more than the last . put this one on repeat and let it play three or four times . it just keeps getting better . stevie is an awesome talent and this may be his best . do n't forget how great music was in the 70's . this work is one of the major reasons for the resurgence of 70 's music today by artists that were n't even born then . you can see quite clearly the artists that followed stevie . most recently alicia keys who would be the first to say his music is pure inspiration 
music pos 318.txt i just loved this album the songs really related to my life . it was nice to see that there was personal experience involved while writing the songs 
camera pos 641.txt this case is the perfect size to hold our sony camcorder and a few blank tapes . we purchased it for a cruise , because we wanted to carry-on the camcorder and have it protected , but not have to lug the large case we owned that holds all the accessories . this smaller case still protects the camera and allows room for some extras 
camera neg 260.txt i bought the sd300 to take with me touring by motorcycle . it is so small , i can just put it in a belt case and always have it . with the appropriate sd card i can take a huge number of pictures at a high quality setting . the pictures turn out great , but . eight months after i bought it , the lcd screen suddenly went all crazed when turned on , tho there was no visible damage . i returned it for repair , no problem , no expense , had it back in two weeks . less than 3 months later , same thing . i know i did not drop or bump it , it went down in the 10 minutes between showing some pictures to one person , then to another , indoors . i called , was told it was still under warranty from the previous repair , and got a return label . then i got an e-mail saying that i would have to pay $97 for repairs to the lcd screen caused by impact damage . i replied to the e-mail to protest , and was ignored . i finaly called , and was told that tho the warranty was still in force , this damage was not covered . checking aroun the web , i found that this is a common problem , not damage . unfortunately , i had already authorized the repair when i found this out , so i guess i am stuck . i have several canon products , will not buy any more 
camera neg 314.txt they arrived on time and after that everything went downhill . the batteries charged lasted atleast five hours , so no complaints there , but the charger would keep coming out from the wall . it only seemed to work if it was all the way in and it would n't stay all the way in , i tried several outlets , finally after a whole two months it no longer worked at all 
music neg 933.txt dan fogelberg is an extremely talented songwriter and performer . unfortunately , the songs that get the most radio play are his weaker efforts , songs that seem formulaic and & quot ; safe . &quot ; his best songs are the lesser known works - - listeners have to buy the albums in order to hear them . they 'll never make it to the pop airwaves . serious fogelberg fans will be disappointed by this greatest hits cd . & quot ; greatest hits&quot ; is not synonymous with & quot ; greatest music . &quot 
camera pos 216.txt " wow ! " is all i can say to express my reaction after getting prints taken with my 17-40. i 've been using nikon manual-focus nikkors since 1988 and was always satisfied with the color and sharpness . however , after using the canon " l " series , i 've sold a lot of my nikkors . the color , clarity , sharpness , and detail of the " l " lenses are amazing . the prints have this 3-d effect ( without having to use those silly red / blue glasses ! ) 8 - ) within 3 weeks of receiving my 17-40 , i ordered the 70-200. those two lenses will replace my whole nikkor collection . build is really good . the " l " zooms are a little bulkier , but very managable . the nikkors are smaller , but very heavy . but lense technology and coatings have improved so much in 20 years , i can see the difference . i tested the lens by pointing it toward the sun . the 17-40 surprising handles flare very well . with the sun just outside the field of view , there was very little flare and loss of contrast . i also make 12x18 prints , and this lens handles them easily . the body is going to be the limiting factor ( refering to digital bodies ) . warning : once you use " l " glass , you are going to be spoiled . you may not settle for consumer lenses anymore , although some non-l lenses are quick good from what i read 
music neg 248.txt i am at a loss to hear what people appreciate about this cd . we were barely able to make it through one listening . this is a classic example of a cd that never would have been produced had the artist ( using the term very loosely ) not already been famous for something besides music . the lack of talent and originality on this cd is apalling . it only gets a star because that 's the lowest rating . i want my money back 
dvd neg 174.txt absolutely unwatchable . cliche-ridden . so silly it 's very nearly offensive . it 's like watching one long music video by a b-level rapper - full of dumb , beautiful women , buff , monkey-headed ghetto thugs , and jokey tricked-out cars . without a doubt one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . the script is laughable , the acting worse . vin diesel and paul walker are more " dumb and dumber " than " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " . awful 
camera neg 481.txt this camera is the worst ! ! ! i bought this on black friday there are many reasons why i am returning this piece of junk : 1.first of all , it runs on double a batteries 2.when i came home i started taking pictures.after i took my first picture , it said error saving image ! 3.then it worked and it didnt work.i tried downloading some of the pictures that were actually saved on the camera onto the computer.when i finished downloading them , i looked for the pics on the computer.i f0und them but the pics were all blurry.i was so fed up that i left it sitting on my computer desk for the next 2 months . do not buy this camera , it will be a waste of your money and time ! i actually thought hp made good cameras.....- _ - 
camera pos 717.txt high iso and large screen were the reasons for my purchase . the screen is great but , when you force the iso 1600 , it seems to darken the pictures more than in 800. i have a s5200 and that one seems to adjust other options like white balance much better when an iso is set w / o having to go to full manual option . definitely something to improve ! the auto option seems to work much better and i was surprised with how good the high speed three frame shooting works . also , the two picture function ( it takes two with slightly different sets automatically ) saves me on a lot of ' re-posing 
music neg 511.txt ac / dc is no doubt one of the best rock bands of all time , but they are not growing as musicians . sure , they can rock like they used too , but they seem to be out of ideas . the well is dry . put out a anthology already ! ! ! at least my favorite band deep purple keep coming up with good stuff , and with imagination ! the fact that purple 's music continues to fascinate as well as puzzle after all this time is evidence we are dealing with art of the highest caliber . anyway , better luck next time angus & co. stiff upper lip ~ ac / dc : 2 stars 
camera neg 219.txt while this lens has an attractive price tag , this lens has serious trouble with sharpness . only at high shutter speeds ( 1 / 250 and above approx . ) or with a good flash and middle apertures ( f / 8 to f / 22 approx . ) does it deliver sharp images . horribly slow autofocus . i am already saving to buy and l-series or the is usm version 
music neg 711.txt i ordered the dvd of damn yankees to watch on tv for my daughter because she is doing a play and needed it for the day i ordered it . i paid for fast delivery because she had a deadline and we were thrilled to receive it on time but was very disappointed to see that it was the cd of only music ! i do n't think i will order from amazon again , it was my first time and probably my last . liz snyde 
music pos 813.txt i have been hankering after this great album on cd for a long time now . imagine my surprise to suddenly find out that it is available . surprise turned to shock when i saw the price . does the company that produces this cd not realise that are people all around the world ( including south africa where i live ) who are very keen on this album ? at this stage though , it is only the very wealthy that can afford it . 
camera neg 216.txt a close friend made the unfortunate mistake of plunking down 2 grand for this camera . honestly olympus produces cameras that can do the same thing for $400. i 've used hers and the image quality is horrible and the colours are wrong 9 times out of 10. if you 're going to spend that much on a camera , get the d70 instead and buy a nice extra lens or some other gadgets to go with . the pictures are better and it offers more mp 
music neg 471.txt i ususally like aguilera and i need a song to practice for dance so i bought this one for " no other man " figuring i would like the other songs as well . i was so wrong . i hate the rest of them . 
dvd neg 125.txt she sings and acts like a airhead , he acts like the sams sort of idiots who fight in the professional wrestkers league...from the moment these two were married in 2002 , the press and the talk shows were all over them like vultures flying over a carcass . so the silly fools did this stupid reality show for mtv , destroying whatever change they might have had in a life together and filmed every aspect of their lives in front of a camera , now today big surprise , simpson and lachly are getting divorsed . the silly fools asked for it and in the end , it led to heart break 
music neg 362.txt remember the days when we were punks and we 'd gather ' round the phonograph and listen to some puccini on the old edison cylinders ? they held up to 4 minutes of music ! count ' em , 4 minutes ! then that hippie opera singer enrico caruso came along and all the young punks would listen to him , including myself . he was quite the singer . when i was a young kid though , the only form of music we had were the concerts . i remember seeing franz liszt play the piano in concert , quite an amazing virtuoso , and johann strauss jr. conducting his orchestra , those were the days . then they came out with those things called grammophones , which were even more modern , if it was even possible . but it was , because then they came out with a new modified version of the phonograph that all the young punks would listen to , lazy kids . i mean , you did n't even have to crank a handle like you had to with grammophones . and what 's this , 1 hour , a full 60 minutes of music , on 1 record ? pshaw ! 4 minutes of music was all i needed , and i was still pooped out even after that . in my day , it was bed at 4 p.m. , breakfast at 2 a.m. , then off to the mines . we did n't have 60 minutes of free time . i have no idea what form of music they have now . appearently , they came out with a couple other things after the phonograph . now all i see these days are kids with their fancy eye-pods ( ? ) and mp3 , mp4 players , whatever they 're called , listening to that " hip-hop " tomfoolery of theirs . you ca n't even call it music , it 's just noise . well , gotta get ready for bed now , it 's almost 3:45 
music pos 427.txt the slowed down almost spoken version of downpressor man nearly makes it worth the purchase price alone . sure i 've got most of the tracks on other tosh collections , but these recordings are excellent variants 
music pos 48.txt the series of " golden age of american rock & roll " released by ace could n't have a better end . during the past 15 years they have delighted us with a series of 10 cd 's with 30 songs each remembering the rock & roll era mostly with minor top hits between 1954 and 1963. one reason for their tremendous success is the superb quality of all the recordings no matter from what year the original song was . now besides these series of 10 cd 's from the r&r era they have launched another 2 special editions with the same title : one with the special novelty edition and another with the special country edition . both deserve more than 5 stars . the song selection on the novelty edition is just out of sight ! most of the songs brought back memories from a long long time ago since these were n't available after the time they were top hits . i never found them back on what compilation so ever until ace put them all together 45 years later . and with a sound quality better than in their original version on 45rpm . therefore do n't hesitate . buy it together with the country edition and you will have 60 songs for utmost pleasure ; 60 songs we grew up with and now with no scratches on them . 
music pos 148.txt having read some of the reviews here i just thought i should mention that for those who enjoy punk rock music rather than the sameness of most emo music these days they should definitely check out this band ! while the singer ( conor oberst ) does have that emo voice so familiar to many other bands , he utilises it well and his conviction can be heard throughout ( unlike a band like taking back sunday ) the music is uplifting without being soppy or sentimental , the lyrics are refreshingly different from most punk-politics band and do n't come across as just the singer throwing a badly worded hissy fit . if you want to feel sorry for youself go listen to bright eyes , if you want to do something about it listen to desaparecidos 
music pos 499.txt i absolutely loved the string music on track 3. i remembered it from an old pc rpg called quest for glory iv . i was disappointed to find out that track 4 was only a minute and a half long , because i grew up loving that song from the various places i heard it ( fantasia and a kid detective pc game from the late 80 's ) . overall , though , grieg 's greatest hits is a must-have for collectors of classical music . grieg is revered as norway 's greatest composer of all time and he certainly has a knack for creating imagery of bustling fjords and majestic mountainsides with interlaced river ravines . 
music neg 254.txt understand , i love springsteen . born to run is my second favorite album of all time . i have seen him live over a dozen times . i personally think he is the single most important american rock and roll artist ever ( with apologies to elvis , chuck berry and dylan ) . i even loved nebraska , so do n't tell me it 's an e-street band thing or a rock versus folk thing , but this album is unlistenable . some reviewers have called it beautiful and powerful . that 's rubbish . there is a complete absence of melody on this record , as was the case with much of the ghost of tom joad album ( with a huge exception being " youngstown " - a great song ) . the apparently willful attempt to alter his singing style to sound like woody guthrie or jimmy rodgers is just frightening . dylan could pull it off , bruce just disappoints . but it 's the songs and lack of anything remotely resembling melody that makes this record a failure . believe , i listened to devil & dust 10-15 times in hopes of finding what i am apparently missing . i couldn't . i thought the rising was a nice album . i even liked the devils & dust solo tour ( bruce is a powerful performer , and maybe even more commading when it 's just him on stage ) , but i doubt this cd will ever find its way back into the player 
camera pos 326.txt the cover over the lense broke / small lcd screen / pictures are pritty good / battery life is pritty good / some images can come out a bit blurry if theres no flash and your hands arnt that steady / takes nice portaits / easy to use / has a veiw-finder 
camera pos 436.txt i bought this item for a present , and the person really liked it ! ! . he uses it to watch deer , and other animals . the focus is very good , and i am very happy that i bought this product ! 
music pos 11.txt just lay back and listen . brian wilson never misses a note . his voice was one of the natural wonders of sixties pop . his composing and arranging skills are without peer and he even plays some awesome bass ( the slow middle eight section on & quot ; would n't it be nice&quot ; ) on this album . these songs are the sound of former teen idols settling into adulthood and feeling both excited and uncertain . recorded with a large selection of musicians and sung heartbreakingly well by the beach boys themselves , this is a true pop magnum opus . the best tracks are the gorgeous & quot ; you still believe in me&quot ; , & quot ; do n't talk ( put your head on my shoulder&quot ; ) , the title cut , and the tear inducing & quot ; caroline no&quot ; . instead of trapping you outside his pain and insecurity , brian wilson invites you into his world and lays his soul bare with a suite of songs that have n't aged a day since 1966. the more you listen to & quot ; pet sounds&quot ; , the more it 's beauty envelopes you 
camera neg 487.txt so i get my camera and first off they basically lie because they act like you have a lot of memory on it to start off but you dont.then after a week it just stops working.dont get it , theres no flash whatsoeve 
music pos 933.txt about the band : dead can dance is considered the seminal example of the ethereal or heavenly voices genre . in fact , the name of the label , 4ad , which carried many of the 1990s dcd releases , is sometimes also used to describe this genre of music , which is a fusion of subtle electronics , vocals , drums , world music , and a near limitless count of instruments . brendan perry sometimes has been described as a gothic frank sinatra . lisa gerrard 's enchanting vocals are often sung in a language only known to lisa . i count myself among the many that hold these two musicians in the highest esteem . about the album : compared to more recent albums that are loaded with bonus tracks , the 50-minutes of into the labyrinth would seem short , if it were n't for the fact that i like to listen to this album over and over again . i count this album as one of my all time favorites , and certainly my most prized dead can dance cd . one of the nicest things about this album is that it features nearly equal amounts of both lisa 's and brendan 's ghostly vocals . on some tracks they accompany each other , while others feature only one of the artist 's chilling or mystical sounding vocals . simply put , this is beautiful music to relax to . i honestly give this album my highest recommendations ! two tracks i 'd recommend sampling : " towards the within " ( featuring lisa 's vox w / brendan backing ) and " tell me about the forest " ( featuring brendan 's vox ) . i believe they best represent the range of songs you can expect with this album . please note that while all the tracks feature vocals , the lyrics for only those sung in english are included in the liner notes . similar artists : chances are if you are n't yet familiar with dead can dance , that you 've not yet discovered some of these other bands , but i highly recommend them as well : das zeichen , impressions of winter , love is colder than death , qntal , corvus corax , or helium vola . there is a rather large ( and somewhat underappreciated ) range of artists still producing heavenly voices music that is similar in quality to dead can dance . please check some of them out as well . 
camera pos 734.txt the picture is fine at this price . i bought the panasonic vdr-d100 for my daughter because she usually does n't want to do anything with the computer like edit video . when we gave it to her the first thing she asked was , " can i edit the movies ? " i did a quick test to make sure the dvds would finalize and work on another dvd player with success on 3 computers and 3 dvd players . i did n't find anything the disc would n't play on . then i started up vegas movie studio platinum which i use to edit my minidv movies . i selected import from dvd and it went straight to the minidvd and loaded in the files where i was able to edit and add titles , music , sound effects and a voice over if i wanted to . since i already bought dvd-r / w discs she will be able to reuse them if she ever edits the movies because you can unfinalize the discs and reformat them . 
music pos 729.txt as with all of zucchero 's cd 's , this is also wonderful . i listen to it all the time , it 's sensual and sexy and great 
camera neg 208.txt i 've had the a510 for about six months and have been pleasantly surprised by the ease of use and reasonable picture quality for a 3.2m camera . after six months the lens and cover have jammed and i noticed that many amazon reviewers have had the same issue . one evening i took several pictures and the next morning the camera would not operate . i 'm hoping the service center can provide me better service than some of the reviewers . 
music neg 485.txt atleast they are trying this time around . still no where near as good as the band was with max . pros : faster and more back to their roots than the other releases without max at the helm . guitar playing is passable . cons : lack of solos . derrick is still lacking as a vocalist . just is n't as good as old sepultura , songs lack hooks and are mostly forgetable . bottom line : this album falls short of expectations . the current sepultura is nothing more than a very average metal band at best . if you like old sepultura i suggest you not waste your money on this , but then again you might like it . buyer beware 
music pos 340.txt i wo n't say to everybody this greatest hits is highly recommended . being that i never heard all of her albums , so a true fan may feel like some songs is missin' . however for me , who is just really startin to seriously get into pop is somewhat satisfied with these and this is a 5 star collection to me . some of the tracks i love , a couple i do n't like at all and the rest i just like . my favorite ones are in order ; erotica ray of light beautiful stranger the power of goodbye deeper and deeper the prodution is excellent and i love the vocals . if your new to madonna , my opinion would be to start here . but a true fan can give me lessons . 
music neg 490.txt i bought this album after hearing about them from a fellow beach boys fan . i 'm a huge pet sounds fan , but i love all kinds of orchestrated rock from " the left banke " to " beulah . " this album is not that good , people . it 's not even " okay . " there are way better takes on the " brian wilson " ( read : phil spector ) sound . whether it 's " the ladybug transistor " or " the apples in stereo . " heck , check out a great vancouver band called " ashley park " as well . the production on this is so rooted in the eighties / nineties that it 's almost unlistenable . they may be good road musicians but it does n't show on this album , especially since some of tracks use lamo drum loops " a la stone roses . " you would be better off going through the elephant 6 label 's recordings or even merge stuff . to be honest , i did n't even find the compositions that scintillating , regardless of the production . chord and change-wise , they 're interesting....but that does n't make the songs good . 
dvd neg 363.txt the problem with this film is i read the book . i was disappointed simply because ` be cool ' is an obvious showcase for the musical talent . the overly long dance sequence with john travolta and uma thurman is a prime example . somewhere the bulk of the story was lost- -and there are some very- -very good characters appearing in the film that would 've been more intersing if somebody would 've said , " hey , do n't forget the book ! " but being true to the original source is not hollywood 's strong suit . " be cool " provides some popular music , some known faces , but without john travolta , the movie would never have been made . a few laughs are provided . a couple ironic scenes show up , but there 's too little to sustain a full-length feature . basically , the project is a disservice to everyone involved . some of the characters are so thin- -face it- -poor christina milian as linda moon , is reduced to being a voice that sways when she sings- -a clich . the rock does the best he can but again , ` he 's a gay bodyguard ; ' he 's the brunt of insulting jokes offered up by a raji , his boss [vince vaughn] , who , in the book , is far more sinister- -but in the film he 's an idiot . of course chili is chili . travolta does a very nice job , and chili 's obviously the smartest guy in the room . uma thruman 's performance is , well , not funny- -not serious , not intense- -not much- - at best , she made me shrug . i do like what harvey keitel did with nick carr , but there 's just not enough , and all the negatives reflect completely on the director . enough said there . my advice , watch ` get shorty'again , or read ` be cool . ' 
camera pos 43.txt the case opens partially on the side to allow removal of the camera only . then after unclicking the fasteners you can unzip the rest of the case to allow for access to lenses . it makes it easy if you only want to remove the camera . you can swing the bag around while wearing it and pull the camera out without taking off the pack . my digital rebel xt fits with the canon battery grip and my macro lens attached , however it would not fit with my 200mm lens attached . my canon speedlight flash did not fit well in the lense section but fits perfectly in the separate section at the top portion of the bag . the lenses all fit nicely allowing for several lenses depending on the size of them . i bought a regular lowepro camera bag , but found that it was awkward to place the camera in with lens attached . this bag is designed to have the camera with a lens . if you search google images for the lowepro slingshot 200 you will see what i mean about the side unzipping to allow the camera removal . 
music neg 724.txt i 'm a " compleat " beatlemaniac , and i do n't mind the political statements at all , but this is a nearly unlistenable record that i have a hard time counting as a serious musical effort or even a real album . i would have loved it if it had been a 7 " single , " woman is the nigger of the world , " with the rest of it just words written in liner notes . after that opening track , the remainder is a serious chore to get through . it 's almost unimaginable that this came out between the excellent " imagine " ( 1971 ) and the solid " mind games " ( 1973 ) , but then again , john was not consistent , in part surely due to his apparent and admirable lack of commitment to being a pop star . love john for the genius he was , his commitment to peace , and the great music he made - - it 's just that there 's barely any of it on this particular record . 
camera neg 381.txt the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck 
camera neg 110.txt description or product is wrong . there is no quad independent power / charging indicators . they are set up in banks of two . one light for two charging bays . batteries must be charged in banks of two . tried e-mailing vidpro for additional info on this charger . e-mail came back as undeliverable . cannot find any reviews on the internet for this charger 
music pos 514.txt another typical funk classic album from the brilliant tenor sax sounds of lou donaldson . the album released on blues notes features lou 's popular and individual classic jazz funk tones . lou even opts to ' chill ' out on a number called ' over the rainbow ' but on other numbers like ' donkey walk ' lou 's style and also his unique band really shine . the unmistakable hammond adds yet more funk and along with the jazzy guitar sound and funk and swinging drums this brings together another great album.keep on funkin mr lou donaldson ! ! ! ! 
music neg 280.txt who the **ck are gnr ? ? plus they make awful music ! i ca n't stand this annyoing album . the music is awful , so as the lyrics . there is not one good song on this piece of s**t . it is a album that contains 12 crappy songs . axl rose is a very annoying lead singer just screams and sings horribly , and slash is terrible too . in the way stay away from this as well as gnrs other albums . leave gnr alone....gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks gnr sucks . i recommend buy these albums insted . foreigner 4 love over gold-dire straits on every street-dire straits combat rock-the clash how to dismantle an atomic bomb-u2 american idiot-green day animal magnetism-scorpions load-metallica reload-metallica and justice for all-metallica master of puppets-metallica ride the lightning-metallica self title black album-metallica past masters vol 2-beatles physical graffiti-led zeppelin some girls-the rolling stones greatest hits-neil young the last dj-tom petty -gnr are as bad as pink floyd , pearl jam , nirvana , and ac / dc . avoid all albums from those bands . 
music neg 800.txt this cd shocked me . at first i was listening and enjoying the beats on every track . but then listening to the actual content of each song , b*tch this and h*e that . come on , as a young female , how am i supposed to bump this in my car ? every single song on the cd is disrespectful . you know what really makes me mad , this is what 's supposed to be hot , popular . what kind of message is this sending to our young black men ? our young women ? i would not recommend this for any one , especially anyone under the age of 16 or any woman . 
music neg 771.txt i am a huge atl fan . black mafia 4 life , know what i mean . i waited a long time for this release , and it was painful to listen to . it just seemed to lack direction . it might be said that this album ( an independent record label ) was so bad , that it ended their careers . too bad , i loved atl . 
camera neg 653.txt i bought the camera in may of 2006 , as a graduation gift for my son . he loved the style and compactness . he experienced focus / zoom problems after 1 use . unfortunately he did n't start to use the gift for 2 months or i might have been able to return to amazon for a refund . contacting fufifilm has been overly cumbersome . their website is not straightforware and their voice response system is not user friendly or responsive ( long waits ) . they have had the toy camera ( as this is being written ) for over a week and when i called yesterday for status , they told me that the camera " has n't been diagnosed yet " . i expect it will be , once their 90 day warranty expires , which will limit fujifilm 's liability to the 1 repair . i have a mean case of buyer 's remorse . i might as well have taken the ~$235.00 spent on this camera and tossed it in the street . if you own one and it does n't require repairs , you might like it . if it ever requires repairs , you might feel as i that you would have been better to purchase a disposable digital camera . save yourself the potential aggravation and look to a camera that has a longer warranty , a better support environment or by all means purchase the extended warranty . you may still face the frustrations but will have the consolation of knowing that it will cost you no more then shipping to have it repaired . i bought it in may of 2006....i feel like i lost it in july of 2006. if i could have given the z1 less then 1 star , i would have . that 's what it deserves ! ! & %$$##444en fujifil 
camera pos 18.txt i have been using my sony cybershot dscn1 8.1mp for about a month now . it 's so easy to use . and , i love how you can easily delete picture via the touch screen . the only issue i have with it , is that i ca n't use the memory pro stick with my sony photo printer ( a 5 year old model ) , because the stick is not compatible . ps : do n't forget to buy a memory stick pro if you purchase this camera . you 're gonna need it . 
music pos 8.txt as we all know by now , lil ' jon is not known for his lyrical capabilities , but for his platinum productions and ability to find guest artists perfect for his songs . he is truly the king of crunk . many of the songs on the album are much like the hit single , " get low " feat . the ying yang twins - strong pumping dacefloor beats , lots of swearing and yelling constantly yeeah ! , whuut ? , and okaay ! buying the edited version ( if there is one ) would be a total waste . this album is not for the meek or faint hearted ! much of the songs hardly have many words from lil jon himself , mostly from the featured artists . these include petey pablo , 8ball and mjg , chyna whyte , pastor troy , jadakiss , styles p . , ect . my faveorites 1 ) throw it up w / pastor troy - a ' hood representing song with a thumping beat 2 ) get low 3 ) rep yo city w / petey pablo , bun b - a very good song with talents all around 4 ) knockin ' heads off - again jon struts his stuff 5 ) i do n't give a.. . - perfect for before game pumping musi 
camera neg 769.txt so , you go out and plunk down nearly 600 bucks of your hard-earned cash for a panasonic pb-gs65 dv camcorder . it is a digital video camcorder , after all . that 's why you bought it . well , guess what ? it does n't come with a dv cable to plug it into anything . that is so pathetically stupid i take it as an outright slap from a company that must think i 'm just some sort pain in their shorts . it cost me completion of a project that i had to put together as soon as the camera arrived . so , panasonic , i 'll post a negative review of as many of your products i possibly can over the next few weeks and make you pay as much as possible for being about as stupid a company as i 've ever had to deal with . oh yeah , and you 're camcorder is being returned . go buy a cable and have a ball 
camera neg 278.txt ok , i was hasty in this purchase . at first glance it seemed a small price to pay for a camera case...about $14 , shipping included . then i got the camera case and found the dimensions somewhat lacking in the space requirement for the camera i ordered . you see , the dimensions listed under " more details " are for the outside of the case , not the inside ( but it does n't say interior nor exterior , just gives dimensions ) . turns out , not only do you have to click " more details , " ( fine print ) you also have to click " more technical details . " ( finer print ) wish i had now . just wasted $9 for shipping on a 6 oz camera case . electrogalaxy will not refund shipping charges , and they charge a %20 restocking fee . so , at most , after i pay return shipping , ( the case is only $4 ) i might get back $2. so , yeah i was hasty , but i was also robbed 
music pos 210.txt this is a wonderful effort by the del castillo brothers and their band . mark and rick are great guitarists and the band is one of the best that i have ever heard . i hate that anyone would compare them to the gypsy kings or strunz and farrah , because i believe they ( del castillo ) are far superior . even though i am a huge fan of santana , i think brothers of the castle and vida are more entertaining and satisfying than santana 's last cd . if you are a fan of this genre , you should possess both del castillo cd's .....brothers of the castle and vida . their live show is among the best that i have ever seen 
camera neg 924.txt this was a waste of money . my 5 year old loves taking photos . she uses my digital camera sometimes . i thought this would be a great gift for her . she could see the photos on the back of the camera like mom's . this was not the case . the lcd does not project the images and it is so small you can not read what mode you are in . if the batteries run out , it erases the photos . i think they should have made it and the directions kid friendly . my daughter was frustrated quickly and it has laid in the drawer for 3 months . if your child likes to take photos , i would invest in something else 
camera pos 942.txt we use our batteries a lot . no problems . works as advertised . 
camera neg 968.txt if you purchase this wide angle lens adapter for the xacti hd1a , you will not be able to take still photos using the built in flash . the adapter blocks the flash and causes black shadows in the bottom half of your photos . it does work well for video . the sanyo xacti hd1a camera itself is a disappointment 
music pos 127.txt unlike other classical-crossover artists minus emma shapplin , i believe sarah brightman works for art , not for money , or fame , or show off . like what she said in an interview , she sees music a a whole- -music is to be enjoyed ( and categorization should never get in the way ) . that 's apparent from this very endearing album la luna . i think this album is as a whole better than any song in it although my favourites are still the mystical figlio perduto , the dreamy serenade / how fair this place , the gloomy gloomy sunday , and the sweet la luna . i read what a reviewer said about how any other sopranos could sing better than sarah on la luna / song to the moon . i think that 's not true , at all . just because the singing is n't wagnerish , it does n't mean it 's easy or lacking in technique or whatever he said . i think it 's easier to just sing full out operatic like , say , renee fleming than singing with so much passion and being lilting without losing any of the voice 's qualities ( laid back with ' that ' voice at the beginning and successively powerful at the end ) . and , duh , she sings classical properly , ffs . and tell me a name of a soprano who could sing how fair this place with such grace , without sounding like a screeching steel can . i 've also listened to many other versions of gloomy sunday . billie 's is weird . sarah mclachlan 's is out of context . sinead o ' connors ' is shabby although the intelligence behind the singing is fine . only sarah brightman 's and bjork 's versions are best for my ears . i have introduced her music ( from phantom of the opera to dive to timeless to harem ) to many people , and apparently they enjoy them very much ! there is this radio that 's a favourite of us where gloomy sunday and time to say goodbye are played as much as bon jovi 's it 's my live and sophie ellis bextor 's take me home and offspring 's pretty fly . they 're good music and enjoyable . albeit i also like many other sopranos . i like lucia popp 's interpretation of richard strauss ' lieders , christa ludwig 's of schubert 's , natalie dessay , kiri te kanawa , etc. : 
music neg 49.txt neither the amazon review or any of the customer reviews recently submitted mention this fact . i have few classical and pop recordings in mono that do not impact the listening experience such as ' songs for swinging lovers ' - frank sinatra or beethoven 's opera fidelio - conductor otto klemperer ( testament label ) . the material on these recordings are so good that the listener completely ignores the fact that they are mono recordings . i did not hear anything outstanding on this cd to make me overlook the ' mono ' factor . is this some great jazz masterpiece , recorded live in carnegie hall by two giants of jazz ? i personally do n't think so . somehow this material remained in obscurity for all this time and somebody by accident discovered this gem - if you believe that then elvis is alive and the earth is exactly 6000 years old . with small jazz bands , i like to listen to the musicians communicate with each other within the context of a thesis . examples : ' sunday at the village vanguard - bill evans trio ' or ' new york reunion - mccoy tyner quartet' . i wanted to but could not hear anything of this sort in this recording . this material is more likely to be understood only by the performers themselves and the real jazz aficionados . it may have been hasty but after one listen i decided to sell this cd and i have no regrets other than buying it in the first place . 
camera pos 21.txt good remote . can be finnicky at times if not lined up correctly with the camera 
music neg 696.txt i think ms hewitt misses the mark , yes for an actress turned singer she 's ok and its more her acting clout that has landed her this record deal and not her talent as a singer.. . would someone off the street with the same looks and musical level get a record deal ? i think not.. . same goes for the other latin jennifer. . 
music pos 137.txt although the real roots lie with the black artists who inspired these guys , the pbbb is where the hippy generation , ( this is a couple years pre-san francisco , and before the stones and beatles began stretching their arrangements out on record ) , learned to just play . their next record was more representative of what they were actually doing live at time time , and is the single greatest influence on what became the san francisco sound of the late 60 's and early 70 's , ( really long and experimental jamming ) , so this is in fact the & quot ; roots of the roots of the roots&quot ; of todays jam bands and guitar-heavy blues bands , mixed-race bands , and , for all practical purposes , the white-blues-man in todays ' world 
camera neg 288.txt it was not all there the part to put the camera on did not come and i need that to put the camera on so please it for a c875 camera please think you w.b 
dvd neg 803.txt alright....own up . which idiots are responsible for the release of this " musicals " collection ? since when have " pinky " and " island in the sun " been musicals ? ? ? ? ? these two movies are hard hitting dramas with a similar inter-racial relationships theme . would someone please tell them that , just because harry belafonte sings the title song over the credits , this does not make " island in the sun " a musical . i suppose in their book , because shirley bassey sings the title song over the credits , this makes " goldfinger " a musical too ? ? it makes me so mad that we have idiots in charge of releasing these great old movies who have no idea what they are doing . it seems to be a case of " ..oh , just grab six movies off that shelf and lump them together . " . if they do n't know which are the best titles to release in a certain set , why do n't they ask someone who does know ? 
music neg 15.txt completely worthless ! if you liked the film , go buy the dvd because this album has no redeeming qualities . the sound quality is fair at best , even for a live album . almost every track is jammed with totally worthless ` commentary ' at the beginning or end of the song . the ` commentary ' consists of recordings of about a dozen people having random conversations over the phone and laughing for no reason . it would have been nice if they had put these ` commentaries ' on different tracks because the way they have it on this cd you have to wait through about a minute and a half of this crap to get to the song you want to hear . the worst part about the album is the lack of the fugees , which means no ` killing me softly' . sadly , you can tell that most of the artists on this album have n't played a show or practiced in a long time as they are a bit rusty and sound horrible , even for a live recording . some of them sounded almost as bad as fallout boy on snl 
dvd pos 12.txt " ils se marirent et eurent beaucoup d'enfants " ( " happily ever after " ) is a cleverly written examination of contemporary views on love , lust , marriage , infidelity , and the single life . writer / director / actor yvan attal has come up with a winner , an entertaining , funny , and ultimately thoughtful treatise on how we cope with partnering . three men work together in a car dealership . vincent ( yvan attal ) is the apparently happily married man with a beautiful wife gabrielle ( charlotte gainsbourg ) and child . georges ( alain chabat ) on the other hand is in a tumultuous marriage with nathalie ( emmanuelle seigner ) who has gender issues that go far beyond feminism and negatively influence their child . fred ( alain cohen ) is single , bedding every lovely woman he encounters , balancing trysts between mornings , afternoons , and evenings and is deeply envied for his don juanism . but fred actually longs for the sense of belonging that married men enjoy . the men 's lives intertwine on many levels . most important , we discover that vincent has a lover ( angie david ) despite his idyllic married life and while it is georges whom one would expect to seek solace from a lover , he remains faithful to his nagging wife ! gabrielle senses vincent 's affair and encounters a sexy man in a music shop ( johnny depp ) who begins to preoccupy her thoughts . she is a real estate broker and comes close to an assignation with a client but remains faithful . all the while she daydreams about her brief encounter with depp and satisfies her wandering eye with those memories . fred discovers that one of his paramours is pregnant and happily decides to leap into the married fray . the only ' adults ' sharing advice here are vincent 's long married parents ( anouk aime and claude berri in very welcome comeback cameos ! ) and it is this ' standard ' that adds the final humor to the film . the manner in which all three men deal with their living situations asks as many questions as it gives answers . attal finds joy in all forms of coupling and is careful to offer all sides of decisions his characters make in arriving at what provides them happiness . this is a smart movie with terrific twists . there is just enough slapstick ( an all out food fight between vincent and gabrielle - real life husband and wife team attal and gainsbourg - that proves to be one of the fun-loving bits of silliness that binds their marriage ) to keep the mood light . not a profound film , but a joyous french comedy handled by total pros ! in french and english with subtitles . recommended . grady harp , october 0 
music neg 488.txt i guess i was expecting more of a ferrante and teicher thing with more than one piano going at a time ... could be that it is but , if so , am missing depth ... great family but disappointing albu 
camera neg 477.txt i lost my hp r607 while on vacation and needed to replace it quickly . i could n't fine another r607 ( which i really liked ) , so i purchased the hp m407. i thought it would be the next best thing to my misplaced camera...not ! ! i do n't like anything about this camera...it 's terrible ! you can take about 4 pictures with regular batteries , about 10 with rechargeable ones ( even with screen off ) . it says " auto focus " , but i do n't think it has any focus at all....not far away , not close up , nothing ! it takes a really looooooooong time to actually take the picture after you press the button . i really hate it ! keep looking...do n't buy this camera 
camera pos 497.txt to my knowlege , there simply is n't a better equipped camera for the professional investigator . it 's ir-sensitive mode ( nightshot ) is in b&w ( rather than cheeseygreen ) , far superior quality-wise to anything sony 's got , and it 's the only 3ccd that i know of with a low-light mode . the image stabilization is exceptional and the image quality is production grade . time / date stamps can be " burned in " so they xfer via firewire - again , the only camera i 'm aware of with this feature . the audio can be turned off which we know is a must . and best yet , you can disable the sleepmode so it wo n't turn off eliminating missed money shots waiting for the camera to cycle back on . it 's built like a tank and feels substantial in the hand , but it 's still lightweight thanks to an alloy frame . finally , it 's totally silent even with the tape transport in full swing . the only downside so far as i can tell is it 's size - it 's a big camera compared to the handicams i 've had , and would n't be well suited for close-proximity work . however , the black casing dos n't print / siloutte terribly , and the 16x optical lets you set back quite a bit . highly recommended ! 
camera neg 573.txt i bought this camera just under 12 months ago and recently the battery cover door would not stay closed . i sent it into nikon along with my proof of purchase and about a week later got a letter saying it would not be covered under warranty . the repair charge with shipping and tax would be $115.22. i am the only person that uses this camera and it was never dropped or abused . battery was only taken in and out maybe 4 or 6 times over the time i had it . for this reason i would never buy another nikon product again . next digital camera will charge without removing battery . camera takes great pictures , but ca n't do business with a firm that is very difficult to get ahold of and does not honor their warranty . bye bye nikon 
music neg 370.txt reviewgium - volume i , issue xvii over sixty and still going strong , neil young has released a new album , largely politcal and essentially a focused attack on u.s. president george w . bush . as opposed to his last album which was a more bittersweet , country-tinged effort , living with war is a pretty much straightforward rock album , mostly electric with a background choir featured on many tracks , as well as an unusually predominant trumpet player on several tracks . musically , it 's nothing spectacular , in fact every song more or less follows the same tired formula , and there are really no diversions from the grunge-like rhythm guitar chords . but the album is obviously intended to have a major focus on the vocals and lyrics . of course , many people do not like neil young 's vocals , but there are many well-developed choral passages throughout the album , including a soulful , a capella arrangement of " america the beautiful , " which closes the album . so basically , i feel the vocal performances compensate- -though not totally- -for the lack of musical diversity . lyrically , the album is pretty blatant ; it could almost be a 60 's protest album . but underlying that , is a ray of hope and an urge to change our country for the better . there are a few decent tracks on the album , even if they are not exactly mind-blowing ( not that neil young was ever a showboater ) . " after the garden " is actually quite a good song as is " shock and awe . " " flags of freedom " is a bit of an upper , so i can probably call that the album highlight , though i 'm sure the more politically-minded citizen will enjoy " let 's impeach the president , " an almost humorous overview of bush 's faltering standpoints . the final three songs divert from the general theme of dismay and protest , and offer feelings of hope and introspection . if you are not a fan of neil young , you 'll find nothing here that will convert you , so you may just want to leave this on the shelf . if you are " anti-bush " you might get a buzz off of the lyrical aspect , but that 's probably the only thrill you will get . i tend to avoid anything political , so music aside , this album 's message does not really appeal to me . it 's like , yeah , people hate the president , blah blah blah , we know...give it a rest . for fans of neil , i would n't exactly say " you 're not missing anything " by avoiding this album ; there is some good stuff on there , but you might want to wait until you see it cheap in the " used " bin at your local cd shop . and for those interested , this is not a crazy horse album . 
music pos 806.txt this is a cd that one can listen to countless times . the virtuoso playing and beautiful tone produced by michael aptly display the characteristics of the euphonium . the selections are for college and graduate level players , as well as the occasionally & quot ; gifted&quot ; highschooler . a must hear , and a must buy 
music neg 795.txt i loved " come away with me " the first moment i heard it . i also had the opportunity to see norah and her wonderful band in concert ... the experience was absolutely fantastic ! i could n't have asked for a better ! so naturally i waited in eager anticipation for her new album " feels like home " which after only one listen made me feel narcoleptic . it was a good thing i did n't try and listen to it while driving . to be perfectly honest , i have n't listened to it since . she is so talented , i wish this effort had been as successful as the first , but not everyone hits a homerun each time at bat . but i still hold out hope that her next album will be better 
dvd pos 135.txt what an interesting collection of meditations on the stupefying musicality of glen gould . this pianist is from another planet . classical music has never been so exciting to a rock n ' roll fan 
dvd pos 506.txt this is one of the best ( if not the best ) pure screwball comedies of the 1930's . next to the original thin man movie , libeled lady is my favorite powell / loy effort . this time , the magic chemistry of that oft-paired duo is enhanced by the box office-drawing talents of fellow mega-stars spencer tracy and jean harlow . the first shot of the movie celebrates this happy collaboration as the four top-drawer actors merrily , confidently stride arm-in-arm toward the camera . the plot is convoluted . the star has erroneously printed a story about heiress connie allenbury ( myrna loy ) , portraying her as a marriage wrecker . connie immediately files a 5 million dollar libel suit . star newspaper editor warren haggerty ( spencer tracy ) counteracts by hiring on suave fellow newspaperman bill chandler ( william powell ) to romance connie and place her in a compromising position , thus negating the lawsuit . haggerty convinces his harried , long-suffering fiancee gladys benton ( jean harlow ) to instead marry the bachelor chandler as part of the scheme . things get really tricky when gladys falls for chandler and chandler falls for connie , who eventually falls for chandler . and haggerty ? he pretty much spends the movie just seething . yet everything ends fairly well , even if there 's still lingering confusion as to who is exactly married to whom . libeled lady boasts mix-ups and complications galore and couples matching , cross-matching and mismatching . sophisticated wit blends with full blown physical comedy . delicious acting is laid in by four stars who , throughout their film careers , never ever lost their prime . powell proves again his mastery of the confused double-take and , along with the wry , understated myrna loy , dominates the refined repartees . and representing the more lowbrow couple , tracy supplies the blue collar bluster and harlow the affronted looks . walter connolly as connie 's angling-loving father is simply wonderful . the intricate storyline is easy to follow , thanks to the clear helmsmanship of jack conway . with this cinematic venture , hollywood certainly offered up to the viewing audience its most glamorous and most urbane of stars . i think it 's brilliant stuff 
dvd neg 964.txt im sure ill here alot from this review but everyone giving this movie 5 stars i dont see how or why.have you people just been introduced to the movie world ? this movie is awful between the bad acting and the annoying music playing during talking scenes its flat out frustrating.rusty james brother in this movie acts like a mental case for you peole that havent seen this he dies in the end ( i just saved you an hour and a half of your life cause now you wont have to waste it on this crappy movie ) .between the bad music the bad acting and the plot / storyline going all over the place in this movie its seriously like being on a bad acid trip.what a waste of money and time on this one.ill donate mine to goodwill or the garbage can..not worthy of my movie collection 
camera pos 618.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos 
camera pos 527.txt the binoculars were suprisingly lightweight for their size and power . the 70mm lens were great at light gathering , and the 4.75 mm exit pupil provide more light than most adults can use . ( the avg . is 3-4 mm ) with a good strap is easy to wear for long periods and excellent for long distance terrestrial viewing or general astromical use . you really need a tripod to use the full power effectively , but for short periods those with steady hands can enjoy the binocs on the fly 
music neg 633.txt as a 21 year old , i felt a little out of place buying this soundtrack . but , i was so excited that i had finally found a soundtrack to these two wonderful movies . imagine my disappointment when i could aurally pick out that rosemary clooney 's parts were not sung by rosemary clooney ! i do not recommend buying this album . enjoy the music when you watch the movies , instead . trust me , it 's better that way 
music pos 828.txt a lot of people seem to snub their noses at let 's talk about love because it was n't the career-defining album as the album that preceded it , but all in all , it 's still a fantastic snapshot for celine 's career in 1997. celine shocked almost everyone by releasing a follow-up so shortly ( falling into you was still in the top 40 on the charts at the time ) but it was very worthy . among my faves on the album include " the reason " , " immortality " with the bee gees ( for a " celine-less " version of the song , check out the bee gees ' 2-disc hits collection from 2001 ) , " love is on the way " , the very funky " treat her like a lady " , " to love you more " and the beautiful singalong title track . this album also housed " my heart will go on " which certainly helped push this album to sales over 9 million . while it was a song that you wanted to smash the stereo at the time because it was being played every five minutes , i 'd say enough time has passed that once again you can enjoy and appreciate this beautiful , powerful ballad . with " falling into you " and this album , celine was the #1 female artist for a period , becoming a superstar right as mariah was abandoning ac for r&b , as alanis was going on hiatus for awhile , and when shania was taking off but had n't yet exploded into major-superstardom . love her or malign her ( it seems fashionable to do the latter ) , she became one of the premier voices in adult contemporary and won over a large audience . i have n't been a fan at all of her last few albums , but if she ever comes back with an album like these two , i 'd snatch it up in a heartbeat 
camera pos 103.txt this monopod does a great job for my camera . you have the quick , easy-off , it attatches to your camera by a screw , and you can press the button on the side of the monopod and just slide your camera right off of it quickly . i wanted a nice , inexpensive monopod for my new zoom lense . i have a canon 35mm , and i recently purchased a 75-300 zoom lense for it , and i needed a monopod to stabilize the shoot . if i knew then what i know now , i would buy it again . nice product 
music pos 224.txt this album marked a return of sorts to the old trademark isley brothers sound , and it 's off the hook.jam and terry , steve huff , rafeal saddiq , kelly and angela winbush all took their turns puttin ' it down , and that 's exactly what they did.from the time move your body kicks in until the very end this album is absolutely slammin' .highlights in my opinion are you desreve better , just like this , warm summer night and move your body.but the absolute highlight and ( in my opinion ) one of the most slept on songs of all times is the title cut eternal.that is one of my top ten isley brothers favorites of all times.the song kind of reminds me of make me say it again , and earnie showed all the way out on the guitar solo on that song.contagious even had a bit of the isleys sound and probably introduced them to a whole new audience.as a whole , i am extremely fond of this album 
camera neg 973.txt i made the mistake of selecting the bundle without reading the requirements closely . the lens is for a variety of canon cameras but the adapter only works with the a6xx series . my adapter arrived and it does n't work with my camera . kinda misleading and now i have to spend more to buy the correct adapter separately . bummer . also , captain jack is correct about the vignetting . this lens is sort of like a magnifying class that sits in front of the built-in zoom lens . if you zoom wide angle , you see the horrible vignetting he mentioned . if you stay zoomed in , it works ok . disappointing 
books pos 18.txt the ny times book review linked this novel to the aftermath of 9-11 , but that may have more to do with the preoccupation of new yorkers than with the story powers wrote . while he does refer to 9-11 early on , this book concerns environmentalism and species conservation versus wrong-headed economic development in the great plains at the western edge of the midwestern farming belt . it is about the struggle not to loose even more economic ground relative to the rest of america in a region that is being slowly drained of its population due to the changing scale of agricultural operations . but since it is a richard powers novel , it is also about much more : neuro-physiology , brain function as reflected in behavior and personality , the devotion of a 30ish sister to her less-able younger brother , her sexual relations with two very different men , and a nationally-known writer ( clearly modeled on oliver sachs ) who has a late mid-life crisis . it is about love , devotion , and doing as much of the right thing as one can do . it involves escape and return . clearly , powers should not be considered a regional writer . his books have been set entirely or partly in brooklyn , manhattan , philadelphia , l . a . , the pacific northwest , and the continent of europe . but several books by powers are set in the midwest where he is based . readers who know something of the areas in which those stories are set will gain an extra measure of appreciation for the skillful way powers incorporates subtle regional characteristics into these novels . as others have said , this is probably not the best novel this writer has given us , although it is quite carefully plotted , and full of the marvelous insights we have come to expect from him . i prefer the goldbug variations , three farmers on their way to a dance , and , despite my own musical illiteracy , in the time of our singing . but even when powers is not quite at his best , he writes a better book than most novelists ever manage ever to produce . read , enjoy , learn 
music pos 225.txt i appreciate bands like ima robot , film school and electroclash artists for trying to add a little balance into alternative music , or at least i appreciate film school for trying to merge the beauty of electronica with alternative and allow it to simmer down to the always wonderous shoegazing while bringing back the trend of the new wave you loved in the 80's . the thing about it is it is bands like these that are adding their own style into music making it worth your minutes and expanding your genres from just on band . have you heard depeche mode 's albums with a wind of boards of canada ? call this the album that it would have made more sense for maximo park to create if you will but this album is america 's response to all other international bands showing us off hard . ( the band is from san francisco , i believe ) and their influence for this album is a mix of electronica and 80 's music ( my bloody valentine . new order ? depeche mode ? ) all leading them to create an album that does n't quite call the band in question an american radiohead per se , but with half of the music smothered in swirling guitars , accompanying keyboards , and a leaders effort to push the band forward , a band that is trying to reach heights of originality . film school 's debut ( if you are n't counting their imported ep ) kicks off with am intro wielding only swirls of guitar and electronics before finally bringing you into an illuminating " on and on " that may force your urge to name this band after interpol and elefant and a little bit of the bravery in there , too , but will not let you throughout this entire album . their current single " pitfalls " may cause them to swing on the vine of similarity since everyone is trying to bring back new wave these days , but worse can happen for a band like this . the backward keyboard melody should more than make you tell the difference . the second actual interlude " garrison " is where boards of canada 's wind starts blowing through the cd , before heading back into the record that will be likely to redefine the sound of " cool " . if there is ever an album to chase after and count on for the safety of new wave and the health of alternative , i do n't see a better candidate for leg-ups than film school 's latest . rating : 7.5 / 1 
music neg 331.txt the songs just did not get me dancing . i have to say i was disappointed . but i love kids favorite songs vol 2 but was never able to buy it as it was not availabl 
dvd neg 517.txt this video was not animated like the classic chuck jones features such as " the cat in the hat " and " the grinch " . my daughter was rather disappointed to see the camera scanning over pages of the books she already owns along with paper cutouts of the characters floating around as a cheap replacement for animation . we give this video a thumbs down 
music neg 72.txt i am very disappointed in this cd . not because the music is n't good , because it is . but because it is just not the pat green that used to play in stillwater . the passionate , soulful pat green . back then he sang about things that he believed in and loved . now he is singing what nashville tells him to . and this coming from the guy who sang " nashville sucks " with cory morrow . there are a ton of country singers out there that could have released this cd and it would have sounded exactly the same . but songs like " southbound 35 " and " three day " can only be sang by pat green . he needs to revisit his roots and come back to the red dirt country music that he was born to play . will the real pat green please stand up 
camera pos 118.txt i just got back from vacation . i have a bad back , and it was sore . i was very happy to discover that the way this bag hangs , i could carry my nikon d-70 and one or two extra lens very comfortably . gear is super easy to access and the bag provides a nice platform for changing lenses . i have other bags which heft lots of gear , and they 're great for travel days and the occasional big shoot , but if you 're looking to hike ( and have a separate way to carry a tripod ) , then this is a wonderful bag 
camera pos 428.txt i 've used all types of film thoughout my photography days and by far kodaks treated me the best . if your out to capture rich , vibrant colors this is the film for you . so far i 've shot 4 rolls of it and i 'm amazed at how much the colors stand out . its definatly the film i 'll be using 
music neg 148.txt as for many of these kind of unknown groups , the music in the album is useless . in the meaning that this music has no use . it is not relaxing . it is not for contemplation . it is not spiritual . it is nothing but electronic esperiments that many vendors try to deliver under the name of " ambient " . but ambient music is music . this is crap . well differently from two a.d. where probably the producers realized that crap is crap and no more crap was good to be sold , because people is n't stupid . two a.d. is light years away from this crap . do n't waste your money . listen the the samples by yourself to grab what i mean . sergi 
music neg 263.txt periodically throughout eric clapton 's solo career , his music mellows out to such an extent that it barely resembles rock ' n ' roll . his self-titled debut got his solo career off to an unimpressive start , and his most recent offering , & quot ; reptile , & quot ; makes adult contemporary sound exciting . a similar weak period occurred in the late 1970s through the early 1980s , with & quot ; backless , & quot ; & quot ; another ticket , & quot ; and & quot ; money & amp ; cigarrettes&quot ; all competing for title of clapton 's most forgetable album . the country is mellow , the blues are mellow , and even the rockers are mellow . this is easy listening for classic rock fans 
camera neg 268.txt last year , i purchased the 5600 as an upgrade from my nikon 2100. i am extremely upset over this purchase i have made , since it does not seem to take any good indoor pictures . the nikon 2100 takes much better shots inside . the indoor pics from this camera have an awkward yellow tint , and does not focus well . however , the outdoor shots are very clear and sharp . i tend to use this camera for all my outdoor pictures . the outdoor video works well on this camera too . i am giving this low one-star rating , since many events tend to be held indoors . this was definitely my final nikon purchase ever 
camera neg 191.txt yes , it does provide a bit more eye relief , and can make it easier to see the whole frame ( by making it smaller ) , but there is a major problem with this . the eyepiece lens surface will not be as deeply couched in the rubber trim when you use this , and the result is a lot more reflections flashing around in the eyepiece when you have light behind you . this is especially a problem when you are wearing glasses . 
camera neg 987.txt it sounds like a good system if it worked . you cannot use this system or the indoor camera if you or your neighbors within 300 feet have : a wireless computer network , or a cordless phone ( 2.4 ghz ) , or a microwave that is running . i 'm not kidding - i ca n't believe this even passed testing . i think mobicam has a newer system that you should investigate owning . those have lots of reviews . pay attention to them 
camera pos 637.txt do not expect this to replace the zoom from your camera . it will not do that nor was it intended to do so . what it does do is optically bring things a little bit closer . this is certainly preferably to using the digital zoom that comes with so many cameras . the lens works by screwing into the end of the camera lens where filters would normally be put . this means that it is something which must be planned for to be used . it is not to be put on while filming is taking place ; it is in place when filming begins . since it is easy to use , this should not take too long . the normal zoom of the camera can be used while this lens is in place . having it in place just changes the limits from a little bit closer to what would normally be the case to not quite as far when the camera is zoomed out to maximum . care should be taken not to get this lens cross threaded when putting it in place . the quality of the optics seem to be fine . i used it on a sony dcr-vx2100 and had no problems . this is a handy gadget to have handy in your case but be aware of what it will and will not do . 
camera neg 280.txt the look and feel of this camcorder is very good . unfortunately my camcorder use is limited to low light indoor activities . for example , evening party , indoor school activities , kid drama and orchestra . this camcorder is not at all suitable for these activities . earlier i had a sony dcr trv140 , which was way better than this camcorder . this camcorder has a very small sensor and hence such a low price . one easy guide to evaluate the sensor size is to look at the optical zoom . most of the camcorders with more than 10x optical zoom has small sensors . these large optical zoom camcorders will perform poorly in low light . if you are planning to use this camcorder in low indoor light , i do not recommend it . 
music pos 576.txt what a wonderful and diverse cd . sit in front of a fire on a rainy day with a nice glass of oregon pinot noir in your hand . close your eyes relax and let the sounds of liebert surround you . his talent is evident in the expressions as he 's playing . the guitar seems an extension of his own form , not a separate instrument . 
music neg 213.txt hooba...stank...stinks and will always stink . i do n't know about the rest of the cd , but listening to the reason is about as pleasant as sticking your hand into a running garbage disposal . i 'm not a perfect perrrrsssonn . egad 
software neg 131.txt this software did n't quite do what i expected . i was somewhat disappointed when i discovered that it would n't convert itunes m4p music files to mp3 files to run on a real player . 
camera pos 660.txt i was looking to expand my lens collection without breaking my budget and found this 50mm to be an excellent first choice . i love being able to shoot in low light situations which this lens has allowed for me to do . however , the auto-focus leave a lot to be desired as far as speed and accuracy goes . i 've found leaving it in manual focus allows me to get more shots faster , at least in low light . 
music pos 577.txt spice 1 's just different from every other rapper . and he 's awesome . if you love hardcore rap , you 'll love spice 1 
camera pos 925.txt i am in love with this camera . the shutterspeed is awesome , the quality of pictures is awesome , and the shake reduction feature is awesome ! ! i would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a great camera ! 
music neg 823.txt the lady can sing , but her " christian " message is compromised because of her part in " chasing papi " , where she played a woman who - had she had the chance - would have hopped into bed with her on-screen boyfriend prior to marriage . it 's " crystal clear " to me that jaci broke my heart in a million pieces when she played that part . it 's really tragic to see such a beautiful young lady with such a opowerful voice and message now reduced to nothing more than a hypocritical wannabee , much in the same way that stacie orrico is now becoming.....and is it just me , or is it coincidence that these two womens ' album covers look strikingly similar ? it appears their paths in life are similar , too : compromising a message and a stand that once set them worlds apart . as with a recent review of orrico that i made , i 'll give jaci velasquez her due : she can sing , and what i mean by that is sing the roof off of a house ! this album was excellent.....was . now , whenever i think or hear of jaci velasquez , i can only think one word : hypocrite 
dvd neg 427.txt i 'm not going to comment on the episodes because almost all of them can be found on the season 1 & 2 box sets , which is how you 're better off seeing them ( at least they 're in order and paired together with the proper companion episodes ) . instead i will be focusing on the bonus features . not the violent femmes music video , because that too can be found on the season 1 box set , but on the cast and crew interviews that make up the rest of the bonus features . i love the interviews and the " in studio " voice recording re-enactments , but i *hate* how every piece of this great footage is ruined because someone thought it would be a great idea to cover up almost the entire screen with a bubble graphic frame . you can only see the video through a small round part of the middle of your tv screen , and even then it is n't clear as there 's a bubble " shine " over it . i 'd love for paramount / nick to include all of the original , non-bubblefied footage on the season 3 box set , even though most of the episodes are for seasons 1 and 2 
camera neg 745.txt i purchased the camera in mid june 2006. after 1 month / 1 hr of recording the screen went black when in recording mode . it took the shop about 7 week to fix the problem . i used the camera to record another 20 minutes and now it does not want to focus to infinite . the recording now flickers a lot and a dot appears floating around the screen . this camera has been in the shop more time than in my hands . the store were i bought it said that it would give me a new camera if this happends for the thrid time . the only problem is that if this is a design problem , what do i get by getting a new camera ? just avoid buying this camera until they fix the problem 
camera pos 415.txt i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures 
camera pos 592.txt the gs150 's performance is as-advertised . terrific colour rendering , thanks to its 3-chip configuration . the camera also has the option of full manual control of standard settings , making it even more usable . love the joystick ! still find it hard to believe that panasonic has managed to fit all of this performance into such a small package . final score : engineering 1 , customer service 0 early production runs of this camera seem to have a shielding problem , which causes faint , red , horizontal bands to appear when recording in very low light conditions . despite the fact this has been widely ( if unofficially ) reported by gs150 owners around the world , these same owners have noted that panasonic customer service generally denies that the problem exists . thankfully , the problem is easily repaired by a certified technician . better still , gs150 owners seem to have collectively deciphered that units manufactured from september 2005 onward are alright . look for cameras with serial numbers beginning with ' h5 ' or higher . you can also read all about this at pana3ccduser dot com 
dvd pos 30.txt i read the book in middle school and watched the movie shortly afterwards . a few of the characters were switched around , but i was so impressed with the adaptation . a thriller that still makes me nervous and jumpy - the kids in the kitchen scene and when mr. arnold 's arm drops on ellie 's shoulder as she 's trying to turn the generator back on , for example . there have been countless lines i 've memorized and quoted at appropriate and innapropriate times , due to my obsession . and after watching it more than 25 times , i 've come to appreciate it more . great cast - sam neil is my favorite . richard attenborough is a little too cute and nice , but i liked his white clothing , the hat , and the amber cane . wayne knight was incredible as nedry , the slob . he 's as likeable as ever , though somewhat the villain . i always hate it when he dies . jeff goldblum fit the description of ian malcom from crichton 's novel well . crichton sparked my interest in chaos theory , sometimes called the butterfly effect . i am a firm believer in it . and of course , in the novel and film , malcolm was right . " life finds a way.. . " ( in chaos theory , the system is very sensitive to small changes in external conditions , and " random " - -unpredictable- - events result from the " normal " equation / setup , because there is never a fixed set of outcomes ; the system is unpredictable because of its complexity . hammond thought his system was without error , that he was in complete control . he believed that the dinosaurs would fail to reproduce because all were engineered to be female , but he was wrong - the dinosaurs evolved because of the replacement amphibian dna that was used to fill in the gaps in the dinosaur dna . this dna gave the dinosaurs the ability to change sex in order to reproduce , " survive , " in a single-sex environment . and it turned out that hammond was wrong about many other equations - things are not as black and white as he thought , and it is problematic to predict long-term behavior of his animals . ) love the scene where the lawyer is eaten while sitting on the toilet . we watched the mr. dna segment in a high school biology class . i 've always thought it explained the process very well for something that is complicated ( though i found mr. hammond 's live speaking lines to be unrealistic...was he really planning to be there for each tour ? ) . the kids were kind of annoying . i did n't notice this until i was a little older , but lex ( " i prefer to be called a hacker " ) uses silicon graphics ' 3d file system navigator to turn power back on in the park . their logo is on the monitor . if only unix were as popular as windows is now.. . anyway , the soundtrack was classic - it was the first cd i bought , back in the mid-90s . tonya harding skated to the theme at the 1994 olympics , or some other competition . i only liked her because of her excellent music choice 
camera pos 197.txt this can be a very easy to use camera . simply by using the auto mode and composing your pictures properly you can get very good jpeg images . it also can be about as complicated as you want to make it . it has many advanced features on it . i have been shooting 35mm for about 32 years . my most recent before this one being an elan ii e about 7 years ago . it 's still working also . the 30d is my first digital and i absolutely love the camera . i generally work in the aperture priority mode with a tripod at 100 iso when shooting landscape . but , the camera is very capable in auto mode as well without the tripod . i like to shoot raw so that i can tweek things a bit , but the jpeg images are very acceptable . it also works extremely well for portraits . it actually is better than the 35mm to me because it has very low noise even at higher isos . 1600 looks about like 800 film to me . this is a very good value for the money in my opinion 
music neg 819.txt if you want the original recordings , do n't purchase any volume of television 's greatest hits . i 've had better luck recording the songs off of my tv with a cassette tape recorder and then dehissing them on my pc . these collections have sterile sounding fake stereo recordings of " the beverly hillbillies " and " the munsters " that just do n't sound right to me . if the original recordings do n't matter to you , then you may like this cd 
music neg 441.txt i loved shedaisy 's first album the whole shebang . and i also really enjoy their christmas albumn . they have beautiful voices and i love the three part harmonies they come up with . i was very excited to get their newest album but i was sure dissapointed . this is a very dark and depressing album . almost every song is about lost love . also , all the songs but 1 are slow . where is the upbeat shedaisy i fell in love with ? ? ? i would suggest passing this one up and instead just listening to the whole shebang again . still , i look forward to what the future may bring from them . these sisters have alot of talent 
camera pos 631.txt this is my second digital camera . although it does so much more than my first , it is much easier to operate . i especially love the fact that i can video my grandson 's baseball game , and then convert individule frames to photos ( jpeg ) with great quality . i have a series of photos with him getting a hit . it looks great ! thanks for a great product . ralp 
music neg 954.txt what a load of junk . gu 29 cd1 was ok . everything else these two have done separately is pretty useless . make sure you hear a sample before buying this . do n't say you were n't warned . 
camera neg 981.txt while the everio will work on a mac , it is with jvc 's movie program . it is not imovie ready . there is a very strange " work around " involving dvdrop that will make it work . not very pleased with what i feel is misleading information about compatibility with mac 
camera pos 321.txt this handy little tool is a must have for not just nikon owners , but all camera owners . a genius of design and function , i would whole-heartedly urge every person with a camera to buy one , or many , asap 
music pos 277.txt i owned the album as a kid.......i enjoy it as much now as i did then 
camera pos 629.txt i purchased this bag to carry my hp photosmart digital camera and photo printer along with , 100pk 4 " x 6 " photo paper , power cord and two chargers that each hold 4 aa batteries , and i still have room left . i 'm very pleased 
camera neg 746.txt this camera has major problems . do your research . go to any digital camera forums and you will see tons of post of the " black screen " . after using our camera about 5 times the screen became black . apparently had to do with defective lens housing or something . sent it to their customer care service . took 1 month to get back . 3 days later black screen is back . sanyo is doing everything they can to prevent me from getting money back or get new camera . they just want me to keep sending to customer . care . sanyo has a very defective product and they do not want to admit their mistake and replace the defective cameras . see for yourself . go to the forums and see what others have been saying . do n't make the mistake i did 
music neg 422.txt i heard stories about michelle branch before trying out her music . and i was electrified to find out that there is still a young , honest and rock-ish female artist out there working her way up . first off all , i 'd like to say i wish to remain objective to all other listeners ' opinion , so yup...criticism is welcomed . i 'd like to let people know what kind of a viewer is writing this particular review too . basically , my main influences are bon jovi , the goo goo dolls and elo . i 'm a 17-year-old male . hotel paper is one big step for michelle . she evidentally matured her music between " spirit room " and this . michelle is pretty much at the state where she ca n't really make big steps on her own . and that 's why i think her authorities are limiting her potentials by pushing her to mainstream . like the fact that she wrote so many catchy , boring and good-to-sell singles that wo n't last and are only appealing to listerners on the shallow side . although some of her songs made me perfectly convinced that she can write decent music . ( tuesday morning , drop in the ocean , hotel paper ) some peeps are saying how michelle is n't quite a super songwriter nor a guitarist . i agree . imo , many of her riffs are boring and unoriginal . even a noob guitarist like me could tell . but afterall , it 's pop , so that 's inevitable . but she could do much much better than that . her lyrics are ok since she does n't write no emo nor punk junk , but a lot of complaining and childish relationships . most are ok though . what i 'm saying is , she most definetly has her own style...but sadly , it 's surpressed at an extent where it 's irritating and makes me feel like killing those studio dudes that are spending way too much time laying their hands on michelle 's music . nevertheless , just because michelle is young and writes her own songs and plays the " guitar " , does n't mean you gotta try her music out . but sadly , that 's exactly how a lot of people out there got attracted . i believe it 's more about how you like the music . i ca n't stress the fact that michelle is a musician with great potential and future . but to me , it seems like she 's throwing those away for popularity . one good example is , as prolly you 've already heard...the posing for a men 's magazine named m- -- -. whatever she was thinking , it really crushed my impressions on michelle...the cute musical lady she used to be....and the terrible decision of forming a pseudo-country rock band with her friend . michelle is talented and hella good compared to the other you-know-who female artists , but let 's get real here...she has a long way to go . she most certainly is capable of going far and i really do hope one day i 'll be listening to her matured and true music . afterall , imo , it 's only the matter of time before she surpasses amanda marshall on my list . i really hope michelle could get out of this situation and unchain from this game the studio peeps are playing on her and make every song and every note the way she always wants to . " tuesday morning " 3.5 / 5 " hotel paper " 4 / 5 the rest are just mediocre 
music pos 831.txt although each track is beautiful in it 's own way , it 's their sum that makes this such an incredible album in my mind . where felt mountain remained rather mellow and etheral thruought the entire album , black cherry offers more in the way of diverse melodies and tempo . the tracks seem to be placed specifically in a way that makes the album feel like a journey , and , personally , like a lay 's potato chip , not able to listen to just one....yeah , i need the whole thing. . 
camera neg 592.txt terrible product . printer jams repeatedly or paper never feeds properly . i 've had a replacement sent and the same thing happens . even though i have printed less than 50 photos with this replacement , which i have had less than a year , kodak support says it cannot be fixed by me and i need to have it serviced by them for 80 bucks . a new one sells for $99 and the price is dropping fast . i told kodak support i would not send it back to them , spending 80 dollars would be like flushing money down the toilet or taking a stick in the eye . i further notified kodak that i would instead send it to the place it belongs - a land fill . also , i 've heard that the recommended fix ( which does not work , by the way ) , unplugging the unit to reset , will cause the color cartridge light to illuminate prematurely . with the cost of paper and cartridges , this last insult makes this printer one to avoid . 1 star because when it does print the prints look good , but , man , the aggravation to get this thing to work correctly is not worth any price . rushed to the market place without enough reliability testing on an unsuspecting public . total junk from a venerable name desperate for a hit product . 
camera neg 345.txt i bought three of these - - one for myself and one for each pair of grandparents . two of them stopped working . one of the two had tons of bad pixels and the other one just stopped . unfortunately , out of the warranty period ! and inquiry to the manufacturer has been ignored . i 'm out a lot of money for this garbage . do not waste your money on this garbage ! ! ! ! 
music pos 703.txt my 8-month-old son and i listen to this cd every night , and by the pachelbel canon ( track 7 ) he 's usually sound asleep . it is not all synthesizer . the jacket clearly states that the " music box orchestra " includes flute , piano , cello , percussion , english horn , and oboe . as a musician , i am not offended by the " easy-listening " versions of these classics . in fact , i enjoy them . they introduce my son to the timeless melodies without overstimulating him at bedtime . i find them relaxing too 
music neg 602.txt i 'm sorry to vent on the stylistics , certainly others are guilty of this , but $33 to get all the stylistics hits is way too expensive . sorry , love the stylistics , and the spinners too ( whose double cd anthology is around $30 too ) . why is something like lionel richie and the commodores 2cd gold $13.99 ? oh well.. . i 'll wait 
camera neg 226.txt i had just recently bought this camera , and it was ok . the quaility of the pictures was pretty ok . i couldnt really understand it , and what really stinks is that i lost the stupid cd that comes with it and now i cant install it . overall i would say that the camera is a stinky peice of junk . now im begging my parent to buy me a reall digital camera ! ! not a peice of crap . 
music neg 76.txt now , if we 're being completely honest and true to the stats this album is killing the charts , but maybe just because people are lowering their standards . besides , the fact that i dont like this girl because she is just too rough around the edges , this cd is no " dangerously in love " . where beyonce 's sultry vocals and powerhouse notes highlight her entire album , cole 's raspy voice and sometime-y pitch concern me . aside from the obvious car banger " i just want it to be over " and the wildly popular " love " ( which cole butchers when singing live by the way ) , nothing here surprises me . like i said , you can call me a hater , but with women like beyonce and fantasia around cole 's fire will probably be put out soon 
dvd pos 739.txt this is a good introduction to many off the beaten paths of america . in fact , the real star of the show , asie from the ubiquitous red ford taurus , is the scenery of america itself . the camera and narrator takes the viewers to many places that have unique characteristics . unfortunately there is no interaction with the locals so we do not get a truely complete coverage of each scene , but the point of the series is to give a " reader 's digest " view of places people can visit . but excellent photography and the knack for finding out of the way events are the hallmark of this series . each " trip " is actually a roundabout path that is really serveral " family vacations " combined into a one hour program . this is a great cure for cabin fever in the midst of a winter snowstorm 
camera pos 588.txt i had been searching web site after web site for a system like this . i finally found a site where i could purchase seperate parts for a comparable system . however , the receivers alone were more than this unit ( if you wanted a receiver compatible with a plasma ) . this works great . could not be easier to install . all components are in my basement . i ran the eye through the wall and have the eye barely exposed through a single cable face plate , with the blue led light taped to the back of the plate . the blue light still shines through the faceplate , which is perfect . the faceplate is just below my wall mounted plasma set . no interference . this set up allows me to use this system at just about any angle in the room and the adjacent kitchen . works great with a basic $20 all in one ir remote . also , the customer service is like no other . i had several questions and each e-mail was answered by the next day with great help . made this purchase a no brainer . this is one product that far exceeded my expectations even after reading all the great reviews . i highly recomend this product . 
music pos 322.txt guys , if you 've got feelings for tim , you 're gonna love this one . if you know anything about honest to god country music , this is what you look for . this guy is extremely good and his music fits 
dvd pos 625.txt for sheer excitement , you cannot beat this dvd . the music is exciting , arranged well for brass ensemble , and recorded with high quality . but that 's only the beginning.. . in blast , the band vigorously acts out all the pieces they perform . how they manage this energy level will flat-out amaze you . i can honestly say that , after just seeing these performances , you are as happily exhausted as the performers must be . prepare to be thrilled. . 
dvd neg 323.txt the book from alex haley when i read it some 10 years ago changed my life and views of people with color , and everyone should read it , yes even conservatives , manditory . however , this movie something just wasnt good . to long ? the over all acting ? spike , you make some great movies , summer of sam is one of your best , do the right thing . spike has a gift for cinematography , however spike lee interview on espn ? the interview said , interviewer : " kanye west said that bush does n't care about black people . would you agree with that ? lee : " yes , i agree with that , but i 'll go one step further and say that bush does n't care about people who do n't have any money ( whether they 're black or white . ) i guaranteed you that if this same disaster happened on long island or let 's say the hamptons , you would have had an entirley different response from fema and his administration . " but you should have seen how he said it , it was as if he was staring right into the camera with this smirk on his face . the dude is bold man , i 'll give him that and i applaude him . spike said either black , white , mexican , or asian . but what he did n't say was italians ! ! that dude has been getting flack forever for his dis'n of italians in his movies , they call him a racist all the time . here was his chance to say something , and he blew it . just did n't happen to say italians ? no so he is a racist too . and so are the africans in africa , they never have liked white people either , so what about that spike ? try going over their and applying for a job ! and while i am at , the african americans in even baton rouge do n't want the blacks from n.o. coming up their ! how come spike never said anything about that ? fkn whiners , so many the world over ! give them a mic and let them talk and will put it on tv and let the world see it for the fools they are . and ignoramus white liberals eat it up as its gospel and he is telling da truth 
music pos 406.txt tosca 's suzuki is not breaking any ground , but by god they have mastered the art . this album is just so professional sounding , very nicely produced . this is how i envision trance to sound like , so much garbage out there it taked a while to sift through and find a golden little record like this . funky bassbeats and killer sounds . it 's what they call ethereal....i think . it flows so well from track to track , quite the odyessy in under an hour 
dvd pos 567.txt i was more than impressed by this stupendous documentary . not only is it superior , photogrqphically speaking - - not only does it have beautiful & inspiring music - - it is factual and should open our eyes to what we have to lose in the name of oil ! we need to understand why environmentalists and educated elected officials care about protecting this pristine area . i was born , raised and educated in one of the most beautiful places in the u.s. in boulder , co - - at the foot of the flatirons - - but i truly feel this alaska wilderness is " god 's country . " buy this dvd - - view it - - invite everyone you care about to view it with you . you wll begin to care and maybe - - just maybe - - you will help to preserve it for your children & generations after you are gone 
music neg 989.txt oh man , this sucks really bad . good thing nu-metal is dead . thrash metal is real metal , this is for posers 
camera neg 999.txt poor focus , blurry , awful optics . do n't waste your time with this one ! ca n't compare to the little pure digital camcorder that this device was to replace because of its additional features . 
music pos 811.txt this cd reminds me once again why russian liturgical music is one of the treasures of the world : beautiful , profound , awe-inspiring , uplifting . for the most part , the pieces are well chosen and the performances excellent . i am delighted to see that many of the tracks are from the classic recording of the rachmaninoff vespers made in the early 1970s by the ussr ministry of culture chamber choir directed by valery polyansky , and released in the usa by angel-melodiya . i wore out my copy of the lp years ago ; although it has been reissued on cd , it 's out of print and very hard to find . so it is wonderful to see a generous selection from that recording available on this disk . listen to track 11 , " praise the lord o my soul " , sung by the chamber choir and mezzo irina arkhipova . you would have to have a heart of stone not to be moved as she sings " slava ghospidin " ( praise to the lord ) . and listen to how the basses descend to b-flat at end . it just does n't get any better than this 
camera pos 371.txt i 've had my d2h for 9 months now . i 've heard of the magenta skin tones issue but have never seen it..skin tones on my unit are great . it seems this issue plagued a minority of users . camera is very fast , exposes well and delivers results . it 's primarily designed to be a sports and photojournalism camera - - for situations where speed counts . it 's a 4 megapixel wonder - - it 's true it only has 4 megapixels , but they are 4 great megapixels . images upsize wonderfully . i love my unit , and am debating whether to buy a second one as a backup , or wait for the d2x . the price of the d2x is making that decision a bit easier and i 'm leaning toward another d2h . 
dvd neg 163.txt the ab portion of the dvd is good , although i fast forward through the warm ups and skip the cool downs altogether . the buns workout is not challenging enough except for the first set . the last one is a step-type exercise so if you do n't have something you can step up on , you ca n't do it . the dvd itself is not very professionally done . tamilee miscounts , does n't look at the correct camera when speaking to the audience and often fumbles her words . abs of steel maybe , buns of steel , no way 
camera pos 308.txt i had viewed concert photos taken with the s2 from a number of different photographers and they absolutely took my breath away . saw the output of other cameras in comparison and they did n't even come close . i was using the canon a80 prior and while i was happy with it , my first round of photos with the s2 proved to be most impressive . while you can use this as a point and shoot , this is a camera that you should spend some time learning so that you can get the most from it . and although the s3 is the latest version of the camera , i 'm not sure you get that much more for the money 
camera pos 37.txt i have had my canon eos 30d for about a week and after 500 shutter actuations i am completely addicted to photography . i bought the 17-85mm canon lens and it takes phenomenal pics especially using the software and post-processing in raw . i also have a 70-300mm lens for sports / outdoors / nature and bursts of 5fps are a beautiful sound . i bought the camera through dell and with rebates currently this is the best deal out there ! strongly recommend . pay the extra $$$ and get this over the rebel xti . you wo n't be disappointed 
camera neg 763.txt i bought this camera for christmas and it is absolutely horrible ! it takes really bad quality pictures and it has a very noisy lens . it 's a great looking camera but the screen is only 2 inches which is very small . this camera is not a good buy for it 's class 
camera neg 367.txt very disappointed in this product and amazon 's response to the problem . item clearly shows that a metal neck strap is included and until i complained that it was not included , this was still written up as being part of the accessary back at time of complaint but since been changed . they have told me they ca n't supply the missing part ( the metal neck strap showing in the photo ) as item comes from a freight forwarder . i did not get what i paid for and unable to return because item has been forward shipped out of the country 
camera pos 305.txt my search for a semi pro digicam made me do a lot of research and after i shortlisted a few models i had to find the best deal . amazon helped me get that deal and today when i look at the performance of the camera so far. . i am amazed.. . the camera was bound to be good but a special thanks to amazon.com for helping me get one at a gr8 price 
music neg 143.txt on an episode of seinfield that is probably overexposed enough as it is , the always wily and oh so goofy character of kramer is playing a game of risk and exclaims that the " ukraine is weeeeak " . this causes him to get a thorough scolding and a little bit of trouble . i think the same basic sentiments work with this new order release . it probably was n't worth the ungodly long eight year wait although it produced the excellent " rock the shack " and of course " crystal " , which i 'll get back to later . unlike kramer i feel i can make this statement safely as i 'm not dealing with a burly , alcohol swigging ukranian , but new order fans , which are n't the most intimidating bunch out there . keyboardist gillian gilbert is not here as she felt taking care of her kids is more important , which it is , maybe . this album features the guitar of billy corgan , the frontman of the seminal 90 's group soundgarden . too bad they could n't get billy to collaborate five years earlier because at this point he was already full blown crazy , and was n't writing very good material or really using his guitar , at all . new order also made the mistake of having corgan to backing vocals . now a synth is high pitched and shrill enough , but to top that off with a billy corgan squealing like a pig cherry is probably not the best choice . so...someone like you is more or less unlistenable . it has some pretty terrible lyrics about how bernard does n't want to wash his car . now i can relate , i would n't want to wash my car in britain since it rains all the time and would probably be an altogether futile affair , but this topic does n't result in the most captivating and well-written material . new order occasionnally want to rawk out with guitars on this album , something they do n't do very often , just like van morrison . now i 'm not sure if i 've heard a van morrison song but i 've always figured it was a give that they rawk out with guitars . case in point of this ` not so good of an idea rawking ' is rock the shack . rock the shack kind of sounds like new order 's take on someone commissioned to write an epic gilligan 's island rock song , pretty amazing huh ? ' 60 miles an hour ' , ` primitive notion ' , and ` close range ' all suffer from being a little too vanilla and a little too bland . new order have patches here where they sound like they might be suffering from the same middle-aged blandness that has crippled other 80 's artist like depeche mode , the cure , and tears for fears ( who 've actually always blown ) . however , they do succeed fully well on two songs here . there is ` crystal ' , which is truly an excellent rock song and show new order can succeed with a harder guitar edge and is probably one of the two or three best songs of new order 's career from the 90 's and beyond . how this did n't get more airplay than it did is a mystery to me , because it has the alternative rock of today written all over it . the other is run wild which is really a great little slow song , in the vein of ` as it is when it was . probably new order 's only full-fledged ballad it serves as a fitting acoustic , moving ending to an otherwise disappointing album . get ready is good beginning and end , just not end between . kind of like that movie twin peaks : fire walk with me 
music neg 284.txt i agree with other reviewers . do n't waste your money . i should have listened to the samples . to hear more awful fakes , visit the producer 's web site at drewsfamous.com . listen to their selection of garbage before you make the purchase 
music pos 125.txt i saw these guys live in the twin cities last week . they opened for keane and the zutons . these guys were definitely the best part of the show . they had great energy and actually looked like they were having fun . to top it off , they sounded great and their songs were well written . give these guys a shot , unless you hate rock ' n ' roll ! ! 
camera neg 393.txt this camera has an attractive look and price but it does not take good pictures . i bought this camera for my 12 year old daughter and although she was happy with it ( she 's happy with anything pink ) i was very disappointed at the quality and functionality 
music neg 10.txt it is beyond me that a record label would put this out . it 's so embarassing how bad he rips bright eyes from song structure , subject the production and even the cover art looks just like fevers and mirrors . 
camera neg 560.txt here is the short version . oct05 i bought a fujifilm finepix f460 digital camera for $299.99. nov06 camera stopped working correctly - snapshots have alternating bright / dark horizonal strips across them . jan07 i sent the camera in to fujifilm 's service center for repair stating that the camera was always handled with care and that a ~$300 camera should work for more than just 1 month after its warranty expires . jan07 the service center sent me a repair estimate for $70.00 + tax and shipping totaling $85.95 ( i spent $16.52 to send it to them so my total expense would have been $102.47 for the repair if i accepted ) . feb07 i contacted the service center and stated that i think they should stand behind their product and fix the camera once they verify the malfunction was not caused by user abuse . and that i do n't think that it makes sense for me to pay $100 to repair a $300 camera that stopped working only 1 month after the warranty expired . the service rep , named christina , asked me to fax her a copy of the original reciept and she would see what she could do . i complied . mar07 fujifilm returned the camera to me unrepaired with a note saying that i did not reply to the estimate . now i will now send them the camera and its memory card and a printout of this review asking them to refund the cost of the camera , its memory card , and the shipping i paid . 
dvd neg 880.txt this dvd was a waste of money and a waste of time . it 's " unauthorized " by muse , so therefore there were no interviews , no live footage , and none of their music was included . they interviewed people who had never even met the band . i learned nothing new from watching it . do n't waste your money 
camera pos 383.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos 
music pos 485.txt this is a really great cd . the candian and american idol winners are not usually that great , but melissa is an exception . she just belts out her soul whenever she 's at the microphone . my absolute favourite is definitely " alive " . it 's just a beautiful song . really , i recommend this cd who likes songs with great messages and a good beat . she 's a great pop / rock singer . you ca n't go wrong with this cd 
dvd pos 890.txt i 'll get to the plot of " the gang 's all here " in a minute , because the plot is n't the most memorable part of this movie . the most memorable part is the bananas . about 20 minutes into the movie , a towering hat of technicolor fruitappears on the screen , followed by its owner- - " brazilian bombshell " carmen miranda . she proceeds to do a number called " the lady in the tutti-frutti hat , " accompanied by chorus girls who bear bananas . six-foot-tall bananas that continuously droop and sprout until number 's end , when the chorus girls , worn out by the burden of this mutated fruit , lay down for a long siesta on a stage dressed up like an island . there 's a reason this number occurs so early on : it takes you the rest of the movie to convince yourself you actually saw this in a 1943 movie . but then , this is busby berkeley , a director who staged his musical numbers as though he was declaring war . and next to kitsch , war is pretty much the motivator here . the wafer-thin story involves andy ( james ellison ) , a soldier who woos and wins edie ( alice faye ) , a canteen dancer , the nightbefore andy goes off to world war two . in what seems an instant , andy gets decorated and returned home to a victory party thrown by the family of andy 's childhood sweetheart and fiancee- -who , unfortunately for edie , is not edie . will the heartbreak be resolved ? do you really care ? the plot is mostly an excuse for some snappy repartee between major ' 40s stars ( in particular , eugene pallette and edward everett horton are hilarious ) , and the kind of musical numbers that seem to drop out of thin air . ( in a couple of scenes , benny goodman and his orchestra stroll by and do some songs just for the heck of it . ) " the gang 's all here " is really a 1943 time capsule , but an eye-popping rouser of one . they do n't make ' em like this anymore . they did n't make ' em much like this back then , either 
music neg 818.txt while well produced , i was disappointed in the album - mostly because the majority of the tracks were re-recordings . frankie laine still sounds great - but it just was n't the same . i bought the cd to replace a well worn vinyl album , but on listening to the cd i found the songs to all be slightly ( and in a couple of cases very ) , different in tempo and vocal inflection - it 's definitely not the album i 've loved for over 30 years ! high noon in particular is quite different , much slower , with vocal emphasis changed . i 'll probably listen to the cd from time to time , but not with the same relish that i enjoyed my old lp 
music neg 752.txt if you need an experience of pure meaningless noise , this one 's for you . however , dont expect it to change your life much . the price listed above for the album is a very good example of the old cliche , " you get what you pay for . 
camera neg 113.txt i was expecting much more from this flash , i already started looking for the better one . if i knew this was a closeout item i 'd never buy it . it died on me with no indication , sent to canon fixed and returned with a big scratch on it . now it does work but sometings wrong with recycle time even with brand new duracell batteries.. . save money and buy 5xx series flash. . 
music neg 192.txt can this be the same d-12 that packed in witty rhymes in a non-serious demeaner ? well , i guess this really does prove they are only a side-show . eminem has different production , so the group will have different production . eminem went more serious , now the group is more serious . besides that , shady himself ( or what is left of what he use to be ) is basically a no-show . in any track eminem 's in , it 's usually the strongest , and that is the case here ; however , that does n't mean he was great . that means the cd itself is misconfusion , contradiction , and a side-show for eminem 's next cd ( " encore " , which was better then this , but not that great overall , as well ) . d-12 is the commercials to the eminem show , everyone 's just waiting to get in between them . that 's the case here 
dvd neg 849.txt i waited over 30 years to see this film , and now that i have - - i 'm glad i waited that long . its glaring defects might not have been so obvious to me 30 years ago . nicholas , alexandra , their daughters , their son , the people surrounding them - - not only are they not fictional , but thanks to the era in which they lived , they were photographed , we know what they actually looked like . so who on earth did the casting ? ! it was impossible to tell one grand duchess from another , and as for alexandra - - in the first few scenes , i had trouble distinguishing the actress from someone in drag . janet suzman was the worst casting flub of all , unless you count the stilted manner in which michael jayston delivered his lines . what a stiff and boring character he makes nicholas to be . yet there are photos extant of nicholas smiling as he played with his children . nicholas was also portrayed as obsessed with holding on to his power as tsar . but in the robert massie book after which the movie was purportedly modeled , it was very clear that nicholas was acutely aware of his responsibilities to the russian people , as well as to his family , and above all his son , the future tsar . there was nothing exceptional about his behavior ; most of europe at the time was ruled by kings and queens , and to all of them , the thought of losing their thrones was simply unthinkable . yet this film falls into the trap most of us do , of judging history not on the basis of its own terms , but with our usual spectacularly accurate 20 / 20 hindsight . having been fed soviet propaganda for 75 years , we have it entrenched in our minds that nicholas was an extremely poor ruler . that 's the stunning success of the massie book , that someone who had absolutely no connection to russians , and no connection to royalty save for the one coincidence of both their sons having hemophilia , was able to overcome the general ( and erroneous ) " knowledge " of his time and write the kind of sympathetic biography of this family that was long lacking . the movie , on the other hand , makes nicholas look petty , and alexandra slightly over the edge . one petty anachronism was the scene that showed the royal family praying just prior to nicholas 's sending off his troops into world war i . it was badly researched , to the point of ludicrousness . the tsars of russia were all orthodox christians . orthodox christianity has its own very distinctive music ; in fact , russian orthodox chant is very different from greek orthodox chant . so what kind of background music did the director choose ? gregorian , of course ! can we at least *strive* for a little authenticity ? ! apparently not . massie wrote in considerable detail about the attitude of the romanovs towards their captors , how their guards had to be changed every three or so months because they kept winning over the bolsheviks : " you are n't anything like what we thought , " was the most frequently quoted comment on the subject . the movie showed nothing of that . well - - in the end , it was this exact trait of graciousness and consideration towards their captors that ended up getting the romanov family canonized in the russian orthodox church . that movement was well underway by 1971 ; i wonder , if the directors and producers had done a little more thorough research , if the film would have been a tad more sympathetic to these five people caught between two worlds and two cultures . all in all , purchasing the movie was a waste of money . maybe the bolsheviks over at the university 's russian department will appreciate my donating it - - that way , others can get to see it without wasting their money 
music pos 608.txt i saw her perform most of these songs on austin city limits . i must admit i had n't paid much attention to her since her debut album , back when i was playing in country bands . much of this material is kinda introspective , but hey , on the plus side you get great vocals , well crafted songs , tons of sincerity and just flat out integrity from this great artist who does n't have to pretend she is anything she isn't . and these days , that is pretty refreshing ! i think i am becoming a fan 
music neg 472.txt this completely lacks the charm and subtlety of the original . overblown , overproduced mackintosh garbage . if he could have found an excuse to land a helicopter on the stage , i 'm sure he would n't have hesitated . mr. banks has been turned into a one dimensional clown and his songs have all been changed for the worst . and the omission of " sister suffragettes " smacks of pc nonsense 
camera pos 689.txt one of the reviews i read before purchasing these suggested that the reviewer should 've had them for her celine dion concert . i took the suggestion and they were perfect ! they fit nicely in my evening bag and brought celine closer to me as i sat in the second mezzanine at caesar 's palace ! not only that - but the price was right ! i could n't be happier ! plus , now i have them for our next trip to rocky mountain park to get up close and personal to some wildlife 
camera pos 54.txt i 'd be stating the obvious and preaching to the choir if i said that care of lenses for slr cameras required a decent lens cap . this one snaps into 58mm threads on the end of many lenses ( canon and otherwise ) , so just be sure to confirm that that it 's the proper size for your lens 
music pos 234.txt trace adkins has set them up and knocked them down once more ! can trace ever produce any music that sounds bad ? his low deep bass voice continues to tickle our ears and the message of the songs he chooses to put together on cd continue to proclaim loud and strong that he loves everything in life from his dog to his woman to his god ! i strongly recommend that everyone has trace 's latest cd in their collection ! a big ten-four in my cd player 
camera neg 56.txt the camera worked fine ; however , after six months , it stopped working . i took it to a pentax authorized repairer and pentax refused to pay for the camera because the was dirt and grit in the zoom mechanism . my use was in no way abusive . i had a previous canon powershot s200 that lasted forever with the same usage , until i gave it away . i guess i should have stayed with canon . i bought the pentax for its size and lightweight , but what good is that if it does n't last ! do n't get the pentax and expect long term use out of it 
dvd pos 366.txt this is one of the best animes i 've ever seen what does it for me is the same people that drew cowboy bebop has now drawn wolf 's rain . i love the music played in the series that 's why they made a cd came along with also a stuff amimal wolf . i wish their was a second season cause i began to love the show 
dvd pos 394.txt the absolute fore runner to the musical / movie chicago ! if you love music , dancing and a poinant story with great acting...this is it 
camera neg 475.txt i owned this sony for a single day before i returned it to amazon . first off , it records in mpeg2 format which is fairly compressed , and looks it once you upload to your computer . it is also not natively supported on the mac without a 20$ additional quicktime mpeg2 plugin . which has to be converted before editing . which makes it a slow , tedious affair . also , the included software is , surprise , pc only . other problems , not computer related - the chroma shift in " night mode " is intense , making the healthiest of complexions appear sickly . i 'm not expectant of miracles in night modes , but it seems like a simple solution on the production side ( sony ) . the auto white balance could also use the same attention . like the previous reviewer pointed out , not a bad camera for the money if you 're not serious about editing and you 're using a pc . the lcd touch screen is a nice addition and easy to use . all in all , i would go for a canon 
books pos 269.txt the penguin guide is still the best in the business . it has its biases but you ca n't beat its comprehensiveness and the reviewers wide range and love of the music are evident 
camera pos 315.txt i mainly bought this to go on the end of the lens adapter for the s2 is . it does well to protect the lens , but you ca n't put a lens cap over it . it ends up being easier to use without the lens cap...and quicker when taking pictures . the pictures are very good through it 
dvd pos 15.txt i was one of those that never got a chance to sit down during the live broadcast to watch live 8 and certainly regretted that . however , i was fortunate enough to find this copy at amazon and it 's been everything i had expected and more . i 'm a huge pink floyd fan and their performance alone was worth the price of the box set not to mention all of the other fantastic performances . i would highly recommend this box set to any music fan from any generation- -truly a " must have " for anyone 's collection ! 
music pos 673.txt i do n't like this album as much as their earlier stuff . i have liked each release less than the previous , and this one falls right in line with that trend . the opener & quot ; quality revenge . . . &quot ; is one of their best songs hands down , though . this is a very good cd , but the farther from braid we get in time the less i seem to like their music 
camera pos 444.txt after buying this camera i was pleased for the most part , as the interface is extremely simple and the picture quality is very good . it 's a sleek , smooth design with minimal buttons , thus little confusion . there are 3 things , however , that i 'm not happy with . one is that it takes double a batteries , and eats them up really fast . the second thing is that there 's no secondary viewfinder , just the lcd screen . the lcd screen is large , which is great. . but this is why the battery life is so low . you ca n't turn the lcd screen off , so batteries go fast . the third and final thing i dislike about it is that there 's no ac adaptor , so whenever you plug your camera into the computer or the tv , not using it to take pictures , you have to run it on batteries . that is , unless you somehow find a compatible 3 volt ac plug , which is neither on the vivitar website , or anywhere else online that i can find made specifically for this camera . i 'm a little upset that it came with no adapter , as that would be so useful for a camera that eats up batteries . i reccomend rechargibles if you 're going to get this camera 
camera neg 258.txt no eye piece cover - you put your eye on a hard surface hard to focus hard to find objects i lost a pair similar to these that were much better 
camera neg 116.txt this camera is incredibly frustrating . i must admit that under ideal lighting conditions outdoors on a moderate to fully sunny day , the camera takes wonderful pictures . however , photos using indooor and mixed lighting conditions leave alot to be desired . if you want to take any indoor pictures with natural light , this is not the camera for you . the reason being is that if the flash is not activated or the lighting is not perfect , the camera slows down the shutter speed considerably . since the camera does not have very good image stabilization ( if any ) indoor pictures are blurry unless you have the hands of a surgeon . of course you can use the flash , but then your subject will be overlit , while the background is pitch dark . and forget about taking long range pictures indoors ( i.e. at a graduation ceremony or wedding ) because if the flash is on , you will get a black picture because the camera does not compensate the shutter speed for distance , it only adjusts to whether or not it thinks the flash is on . if it is off , your picture will be blurred because the shutter stays open for 1-2 seconds . since i take alot of indoor pictures , this camera is worthless to me . if you only plan to take outdoor pictures in ideal light , this is the camera for you . if you want to do any natural light photography , forget it . 
camera neg 366.txt i purchased the wp-dc700 underwater case for my a70 and followed the directions exactly , oiling the gasket and cleaning it after each use . it leaked and ruined my month old camera . customer service was rude , blamed me and then tried to bargain with me to fix it for $190 instead of the $280 that they initially requested . the underwater case has a 7 day waranty and the camera is not covered for water damage . my father had a similar problem with his $1000 nikon digital which just stopped working for no aparent reason , they claimed it was water damage and tried to bargain with him to buy a rebuilt one for $500. so beware of bad customer service . canon 's customer service has all bad unreasolved reviews at the better business burea 
dvd pos 187.txt fraser 's film is truly a winner in production quality . his attention to detail by bringing in his theatrical savvy is a nonpareil . despite all the cliches that can be stated about this film ; eye-candy performers , lighting , fantastic musical score , and riske scenes , this film has visually appealing sequences . if anyone is interested in film and theatrical production , i would highly recommend the director 's commentary-you really get an insight to an artist in process . from the commentary , it seems that fraser will never be finished with this film : a mentale that i admire in an artist . art is a process and is never perfect . this is another one of those great modern plays that works very well for the film . getting to the roots of the human psyche is something films should continue into the future . this film does explore the 3 dimensionality of people . i did have a problem with the didacticism of the script however . though most writers try to leave it up to the audience to decide , i feel that the script gave little regard for wives who are victims of their husbands having gay affairs . i had to agree with another reviewer who titled his review as " selfish gay guy ruins a marriage " . ( on the other hand , cherilee taylor did a great job in combating this fault with the script ; she was n't quite the victim her character ultimately could have become . ) by the end of the film , i was wondering how violet was making it as a once again as single woman . from an audience 's standpoint , we did n't really see that . david and kryla make up , matt goes to illustration school , but what happens to violet ? overall , i would highly recommend this film . with such a great interpretation on the screen , it would be nice to see this staged once again in the lort theatres . 
camera neg 548.txt i purchased this for my wife for valentine 's day . the installation went fine but i have two problems with the device . first , the software to do the picture transfers is awful . you can only select pictures on your computer to download - you ca n't see what photos are on the device in the software . in order to delete photos you have to do it manually from the device itself . i checked the webpage for updated software - no joy . the crop feature is nice ( and well used ) but otherwise i feel like i am looking at a windows 3.1 application . second , the image quality on the device is very poor . i did n't have very high expectations , but this was lower than i expected . reminds me of the picture / screen quality in the very first color cell phone screens , maybe a bit worse . you can make out the picture , but not much detail at all . the advice of cropping the photos to only show headshots is an excellent idea , it 's the only way to get a decent picture . overall , i 'm a little disapointed . but then , you get what you pay for. . 
dvd neg 195.txt i cannot believe this is billed as a baby video . the images have nothing to do with the music and give absolutely no learning or development value . i personally like the baby miracle series of videos that give a great baby sized bible message while being very interactive with my baby . 
music pos 928.txt this is a fabulous cd and exactly what i was looking for . i 'm also thrilled that it has an accompanying book with all the sheet music . i am leading a seder this year for a church group who has never heard any of the songs before , so i wanted the traditional melodies , easy to follow sheet music , and easy guitar chords . this is perfect ! i 'm so pleased 
dvd neg 972.txt first of all , who was the spastic genius who decided that concert films had to change camera angles every five seconds ? this is terribly anoying , especially when every third shot is of the same audience members . this may be fun for a home video , but not for a mass marketed commercial release . the dance hall crashers are an awesome band . much of the fun of seeing the dhc in concert is their highly kinetic stage presence . it would have been great if this dvd had concentrated on the band as a whole and not just different extreme closeups switched at a dizzying rate . and since the dhc are supposed to be the focus , why does the director insist on featuring so many shots of the audience ? it gets on your nerves . i love the dhc . their live cd has a permanent place on my playlist . but this horribly made dvd only made it through three songs . perhaps if i had been at the front of the stage that night , i would appreciate it more . 
music pos 370.txt this cd is absolutely wonderful . i am in australia so strawberry shortcake merchandise is not as readily available down here as it is in the usa , so you can imagine my daughters delight when this cd is being played . the songs are just gorgeous - i just wish they were a little longer . i thoroughly recommend this item to any little ss fans . 
music pos 579.txt despite the excellent screenplay by sam shepherd and the solid acting by harry dean stanton , i found " paris , texas " a rather unimpressive film , and the only thing that kept it together for me was cooder 's astounding soundtrack . the music here is simple , yet very moving and even haunting . his guitar stylings really captured the mood and feel that the film was otherwise supposed to convey . it seems to seep right out of the desolate landscape of the southwest . every time i listen to this cd it reminds me of driving along some deserted highway in nevada , se california , etc. also , it 's really nice that the soundtrack contains the story ( " i knew these people " ) told by stanton 's character , since to me that was the best part of the movie . even so , seeing " paris , texas " is not a prerequisite for enjoying this cd , the music is phenomenal in its own right 
camera neg 362.txt it 's not an item to write home about . final picture quality is usually ok but not spectacular . the wi-fi works some days , mostly not . if i 'd known then what i know now it would still be on the shelf or in the hands of some other poor purchaser . 
camera pos 968.txt after springing for the cybershot in august so i could have a compact camera i would actually take places , i 've been very , very pleased . the last camera i had was an older sony dsc that was quite bulky , ran on batteries , and had shutter problems- -but it took great quality pictures and the interface and features were perfect , so i thought i would go for the dsct5 , since it avoids all of those problems . only a tiny battery to charge , no sticky shutter.. . and it 's sexy as hell . the screen is huge and very bright . i hate taking pictures with flash in general , and i find that the flash makes nasty redeye more often than not with this camera . ( and the camera gives you the impression you cant change shutter speed or anything ) however ! you can easily change this by going into the over / under exposure options and under exposing your photos when you are in dark environments . they come out surprisingly well and blur-free 
music pos 784.txt since sunset boulevard is one of my favorite films , i bought the london cast album long before the musical came to america . patti lapone is the ultimate broadway star , having created the role of evita . her soaring versions of " as if we never said goodbye " , and " with one look " are unmatched . her power and vocal range soar ! all of norma 's songs had to be drastically reduced in vocal range to accomodate glen close 's lack of , ( or nonexistent ) singing ability . in fact , this dvd was unavailabe to the american market during the american run of the musical and was literally pulled from the shelves . perhaps alw did n't want the american audience to hear the masterwork of this production . kevin anderson , a brilliant actor , does not have the operatic quality of alan cambell in the u.s. cast , but he portrayed joe gillis with far more guts and passion . this is not for the lover 's of oklahoma of showboat , but for lovers of more contemporary musicals , this one is perfect 
camera pos 502.txt this digital photo frame has reasonably good picture quality and once set up , can be used by anyone in the selected mode . i have it set for slide presentation mode and people enjoy looking at it . i could easily see giving it , already set up , to people who are not computer savvy , such as grandparents . to give them new pictures , send a new card and they slip that in . that said , the cost is still fairly high and the buttons on the top of the frame useless unless you have them memorized or really good vision . i would recommend this product 
music pos 524.txt link this cd of great melodies with " the best of the browns ( 1954-1967 ) . you 'll not regreat the quality . such easy listening . this group is simply the best . i also suggest reading maxine brown 's book " looking back to see , a country music memoir . " it 's a well written ( and interesting ) cover of the the history of the browns 
camera neg 695.txt this case will protect your camera but has no place for spare battery or even a extra memory card . it only has a spring clip to fasten it to a belt or bag there is no belt loop or other handle strap . there are other cases available with better features for less money 
music neg 526.txt who in the world called this ' 'hard rock' ' ? ! ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ? this is a bunch of self-pitying , mainstream jibberish..nothing interesting at all . i shall dub this as ' 'alternative whine'' . 
camera neg 360.txt this item was offered as a suggested accessory to the nikon monarch atb 8x42 waterproof binoculars that i purchased . i later also purchased the 12x42 binoculars . this harness can not be attached to either pair of binoculars ! the hook part of the snap is too thick to go through the strap eyelet on the binoculars . other than that the harness is a well made quality product 
music neg 970.txt id advise not to buy the album . listening to it is like contacting gonorrhea . trust me ive done both 
music pos 960.txt if you have never heard book of shadows by zakk wylde , then you may be suprised by this album . the two albums are similiar in that they contain a lot more acoustic guitar , and although i 'm not saying that past releases have not contained emotion , hm vi contains more . for example , take ' she deserves a free ride ' and the ballad ' fear' . the piano on this album is superb , haunting at one point and almost relaxing at another . however , there is just enough of past ' metal ' bls in this album - ' crazy or high ' and ' house of doom' . personal favourites are ' damage is done ' , ' layne ' and ' queen of sorrow' . there is something more in the solo 's - they come in at just the right time and as usual are perfectly executed - check out ' stepping stone ' for an example . the musicianship has got even better on this album , with the dodgy drums on 1919 eternal gone , and the bass that was pushed to the background in the blessed hellride is up there with zakk 's playing . this album is deep , moving piece that is the perfect successor to the blistering blessed hellride . ca n't wait for the new mafia cd to be released . 
music pos 467.txt i do n't know where this guy gets off saying that the drummer , jorge rossy , and the bassist , larry grenadier , & quot ; are competent but do nothing overtly interesting&quot ; . jorge incredible groove , use of space , and musicality is as good as one could ask for , and grenadier 's huge warm tone , amazing time , and great thematic development is unparalleled by other bassists of his generation 
music pos 339.txt this album is by far on the greatest recent live recordings . sheryl crow demonstrates her influence and talent by putting on an all star show with some of the biggest names in music history . sheryl shines on her own , singing some of her great hits , but it 's the duets that really make the album . my least favorite has to be the dixie chicks just because i ca n't appreciate the country flare they bring to " strong enough " but it 's still a great version . chrissie hynde , one of the album 's highlights , brings intense attitude to " if it makes you happy " , still one of my favorite sheryl songs . stevie nicks remains stevie nicks , giving more than enough emotion and flare to her own " gold dust woman . " sarah mclachlan 's usually soft voice comes out strong on " the difficult kind " and compliments sheryl 's quite nicely . my favorite rendition has to be eric clapton and sheryl together on cream 's " white room " , the rock-out moment on the album . the show is complete when all the guests return to belt out bob dylan 's " tombstone blues " and close the show with a definite bang 
music pos 98.txt brian regan is simply a comedic genius . this cd is especially funny after having seen him live- -you can just picture his hilarious gestures and facial expressions ! he has managed to create a hysterical routine based on the silly stuff we 've all said / done / thought . while i too enjoy comedians who are more " cutting edge " , i do n't think a routine has to be peppered with profanity to be funny . this cd is well worth any price ; check out his dvd and his live show , too 
music neg 609.txt i love this show ! that said , i do not care for this version of it . the inclusion of the word " concept " in the title means it is just that . this was , thankfully , not the final version of the show that would later spawn the hit song , " one night in bangkok " . with most broadway musicals , the musical numbers tell the basic story of the show . if you listen to the recordings of phantom , mama mia , beauty and the beast , you can discern the basic storyline of the show . listening to this particular recording of chess , though , will leave you wondering " what was that ? " the broadway arrival of chess saw a much needed reworking of the storyline and arrangement of the musical numbers . this recording seems too much like a mish-mash of songs that do n't really relate to each other . for musical fanatics ( like myself ) , i say " yes , you should have this recording in your collection " , if only to understand how much work went into the show before it opened on broadway . if you are only buying the album because of " one night in bangkok " , purchase the broadway recording instead ; you 'll be much happier with the performance by phillip casnoff rather than murray head 
music pos 211.txt as he did with " parade " , the soundtrack to his last vanity project " under the cherry moon " , prince provides a musically invigorating soundtrack to " graffiti bridge " , which is a hopelessly silly film . no matter . " graffiti bridge " , prince 's first album of the 90 's , is also one of prince 's best albums of the 90's . " new power generation " serves as the title track to prince 's new band , and it 's a powerful , funky manifesto . " the question of u " is exotic and intoxicating . " elephants and flowers " is an upbeat song about spiritual redemption , whereas " tick tick bang " is prince at his most joyously raunchy . although most of prince 's material is exceptionally strong here , the collaborations and contributions by other artists are a mixed bag . " we can funk " is a simmering duet between prince and funkmaster george clinton , and tevin campbell provides some youthful exuberance to " round and round " . but the tracks by the time mostly fall flat . i 've personally always found morris day to be a one-trick pony with his effete pimp routine , and his one trick gets boring quickly . it 's obvious that with " graffiti bridge " prince is trying to create the feel and atmosphere of a funky block party . but i ca n't help but wonder , without the tracks featuring other artists , if " graffiti bridge " would n't be more highly regarded as one of prince 's better albums 
camera neg 87.txt the 5x7 digital photo frame from pacific digital is very cheaply made , the lcd is very dark and flickers constantly . 
music neg 699.txt on the liner notes to one of the two blues albums ( i think it is shaker ) it is said that the original idea was just to perform some of these songs in a one night concert . that should have been as far as it went . to foist these songs on an unsuspecting public at 19 bucks a crack is highway robbery . if these are blues songs , then i am robert johnson 's illegitimate son . " death letter " is good , maybe even great , but cannot compare to the original or to any of the covers i have previously heard . the rest is a waste of time . the cover art is excellent but hardly the reason you would be expected to buy the cd . these are my first 2 reviews by the way , but all these 5-star reviews for both cd 's finally got me motivated . go buy a muddy waters or lightning hopkins cd and save 10 bucks in the bargain 
music pos 360.txt pinback blows me away . i consider my taste in music to be very diverse , with a tendency to love obscure indie rock-pop , from the last three decades ( talk talk , split enz to elliot smith and death cab ) . pinback delivers some of the best , most consistent music i 've heard in years . i started with summer in abaddon and was weak in the knees , then i acquired their debut album and could barely stand...and now , blue screen life has about knocked the breath right out of me . i have n't gotten through the entire back catalog because i ca n't stop listening to the three albums i have in my hands . words cannot express how fascinating this band is - intricate & complicated with a simple , straightforward delivery . their transitions are sick . they put their contemporaries ( death cab , the shins , the killers ) to shame . i love all of the aforementioned bands , but pinback slaughters them in delivering well conceived , perfectly executed , diversified albums that you can listen to from front to back , over & over . how many albums can you say that about ? they are heavenly . the standouts are xiy , boo , concrete seconds , bbtone , prog , pene.. . oh , screw it - every song is great ! 
camera pos 672.txt good camera for the money. . picture quality excellent . used camera on recent trio to florida for spring training and colors superb.still learning the fine points and capabilties of the product . dealing through amazon exceptional . product arrived well within promised time frame . no doubt a good deal 
music neg 755.txt i did n't listen the disk but know the recording label . never heard anything good produced by the company in several occasions when i was hooked by the low price : very poor immitations . just go for the real things 
music neg 756.txt this is simply a transfer of the lp master done when cds were just getting started . the quality is inferior to other collections and the selection is weaker . go for the collectables twofer instead . much better sound and more cuts 
music pos 738.txt what an awesome cd.. . i bought a flogging molly cd as well but dropkick murphy 's are better by far ! 
music neg 682.txt look , as music goes , variations on a theme is part of any genre . this album , however , yells out & quot ; leave well enough alone . &quot ; a remix of sgt.peppers lhcb might thrill a person born in 1986 , but when you hear the real thing , you ask why change it ? this album is a total waste of a truly great disc . like gipeto said to pinocchio , & quot ; stay wood ! & quot 
music pos 140.txt actually have n't heard this cd , yet , i can still comment on part of it . i was the lucky guy who did the live recording at the x-ray cafe . sold the masters to the band a couple years ago and just now got around to thinking , " i wonder if they ever did anything with those masters ? " so , i was there at the show and can say that every ounce of energy that the band put out ( which was considerable since this was the last show on their tour , but they knew the x-ray was special and gave it their all ) - it was all captured on these recordings . the machine was a tascam 688 that used standard cassette tapes for 8-channel recordings . most all the mics were either shure sm57 / 58 , but there was also a high quality shure stereo mic overhead that was mainly used for capturing the drum kit but also provided a nice stereo image of the stage . the x-ray was perfect for this type of recording . the tiny pa was only used for the vocals , so , there was no competing with a pa blasting everything . i would place a sm-57 close to every amp . had a nice specialtiy bass mic , too . usually , 8 channels was enough to catch everything , but , there were extra inputs where it was possible to stack multiple mics onto a single track if needed . because of the overhead stereo catching the drums , this was rarely needed . with a full house , such as the night with the gits , any reflecting waves were just soaked up by the body mass of the crowd , creating what turned out to be a very nice intimate recording space . there was split box on stage which fed all the mics to the x-ray " business office " next door , which is where the tascam was setup away from any real danger . all of which made it a fun gig to record in comfort and be able to also go over to the stage side and enjoy the show . every once in a while , magic happened . d . fletcher portland , or 
music pos 665.txt i love this album but the other review from anonymous is wrong . this cd is not remastered . i baught this cd because of that review and got burned . the cd even says right on it aad . in other words analog recording / analog master / digital playback . i will say this much though , the transfer is better than mca 's version which i own . however , if you want a remastered version of the song monster look to the " all time greatest hits / original recording remasterd " cd from mca . it also has move over from this cd , i love this cd and want it remastered . if you gotta have this album ( i do ) than this version sounds better than the mca version 
camera neg 357.txt loved the concept of this camera...small , 10x zoom and sleek looking , but the first one lasted 3 days , had it replaced and the second one lasted 1 week . both stopped operating completely . so given that kind of problem i do not recommend this camera 
camera neg 813.txt i purchased this camera in december 2005 to replace my 7 year old sony digital 8 camcorder . unfortunately , everything except size is inferior in the panasonic compared to the " ancient " sony . the color is not nearly as sharp , the low light capabilities are laughable and the battery lasts half as long . the sound quality was adequate if not watching playback on the camera itself . the camera 's highest volume setting is too low to use if you want to listen while loading video into your computer 's editing program . the panasonic does have a relatively convenient manual exposure feature many other minidv camcorders lack . this allows better light control when shooting in auditoriums with spotlights . it uses a toggle to control the exposure and , while it is not as easy as the external thumb wheel on the sony , it is adequate . unfortunately , it functions so poorly in low light it would n't provide adequate color in an auditorium . i thought the image stabilization would be a great feature but my video is much shakier with the panasonic than my old sony . maybe it 's because the camera is so small it 's hard to keep as stable as the larger sony . video editing on a pc is equally easy on the sony and panasonic but the panasonic 's poor user manual would make it very difficult for a novice to figure out and your picture quality will be much better with sony 's digital 8. if you do n't have to record in minidv format or have a built in 3 megapixel still camera , i 'd recommend buying an inexpensive sony digital8 for about a third of the price of the gs250. if you do have to have a minidv camera and you wo n't be shooting in bright sunlight , try another brand . this upper end 3ccd camcorder will now have a home on a closet shelf where it will stay unless i need a very small camera to chase action in a cross country race or similar event on a sunny day . otherwise , i 'll use the old sony so i can share the video i shoot without being embarrassed about the picture quality 
camera neg 787.txt i have owned numerous celestron telescopes up to 11-inch apertures , so i expected better . i ordered this for my daughter - it arrived defective ; the primary mirror had slipped from its bracket , making collimation impossible . in celestron 's defense , it likely happened in transit . amazon 's return policy is not a hassle , and i 'm upgrading her to another telescope . i 'm sure that had this particular scope not arrived in a defective condition it would have made a great scope . only criticism is the plugs on the back to cover the collimation screws pop out a bit too easily 
camera neg 66.txt hey this is for everyone buying cameras over the world out of the united states , i have a problem with my camera and i do n't have anyone to help , i 've been trying some help in amazon 's help area but they just have thousands of links but any simple email where i can ask for some help , i do n't really understand why is this site so well known on & quot ; customer service&quot ; , but i just cannot communicate with no one in the company to ask anything , i 'm just mad about this , if anyone can help me to contact amazon or fujifilm please post an email or whatever cause there 's no such a thing like help in the & quot ; help area&quot ; . i need to repair my lcd monitor of my camera , it 's really fragile , so if you 're still thinking on buying in this site or even buying something from fujifilm , do n't do it , they do n't care about the customer satisfaction at all 
camera neg 396.txt crap . does n't work . wanted to return it but had to go out of town and lost the time period . plastic junk , never did get a good signal . the worst sony item i 've ever purchased - - and i 'm a sony fan . will still attempt to return somehow . do n't even bother 
music neg 919.txt almost 10 years later.. . and i am still waiting for the punchline . i think this is the most properly named album of all time.. . as the easiest summation is : it lacks any punch and keeps you waiting for something that never comes ! its terrible , especially when contrasted with pornograffitti . gone are the great guitar tone , riffing , rhythm , power , and groove that marked most of the prior three albums . it 's what the forth side to " iii sides to every story " could have been.. . " yours , mine , the truth , and the suck " . the songs are lackluster , but its really the guitar sound that kills this album album . " no respect " , surprisingly , by name , is the only song worth any respect and the only song near upbeat on the album . " waiting for the punchline " still remains in my top 5 worst albums of all time.. . i dont write negative reviews unless a cd is really bad in general or really bad compared to the bands other work . in this case , it fits both.. . its bad for extreme.. . and stands up as exceptionally bad among all other bands ' albums as well . conversely , in my opinion , iii sides and pornograffitti are 4 and 5 star albums , respectively 
music neg 129.txt robin gibb has one of the most distinctive voices of the 1960s . with the bee gees or as a solo artist he has enough hits to make his own live show . however , in this live recording he chooses to recreate mostly bee gees hits on which he had a secondary role on their famous three part harmonies . thus he needs the help of another lead singer , chorus and the neue philharmonie frankfurt orchestra . but everything goes wrong here : robin 's voice remains buried among a real bulk of unmixed music ; the lead singer ( no list of credits ) is a poor substitute to barry gibb 's famous falsetto ; the female voices are not very inspired , to say the least ; while the orchestra is frequently out of tune and noisy ( the winds on juliet are really unbearable ) . post-production seems to be non-existent and the overall sound is chaotic . lines notes by experts andrew mon hughes and ann grootjans are interesting and illustrative , but they seem to belong to another album . the message from robin gibb seems to be clear : " i can do it all by myself " . well , he cannot . he should re listen to one night only ( 1998 ) and check for sound , harmonies and production 
music neg 544.txt i was misled and thought i was buying the entire cd and it contains one song 
camera pos 974.txt great camera . . . one of the few lower priced cams to keep the mic jack and the headphone jack , but beware . .. . this camera does not come with a lens cap , and no remote control . other sources state that this camera does not have a leica lens . this camera does not have a / v input . no flash , no hot accessory shoe ( though it has one which has no power ) . no widescreen lcd . it does record in widescreen but no image stabilization in widescreen . 
music neg 615.txt the best scene in the movie is the italian restaurant scene with janeane garofalo , using a wry randy quaid as her foil when she 's not ignoring him . it 's the only scene that made me laugh . the scene with the playboy dad having three women in his home , and the one preceding it when his girlfriend 's excessive dinner fails to impress the little kids , are both weak . playboy dad is not interesting , and that character really should n't have been one of the three musketeers of this movie . the other dad , reiser , is uncomfortable to watch . his dinner scene with his daughter is good in the sense that it shows how estranged a father can be with his teenage daughter , but that too is uncomfortable to watch . the later scene , up in the treehouse when his daughter suddenly loves him , is completely unbelievable . the fact is , that particular girl would not say those things to her dad . she does n't love him . she does n't need him at all . she 's done with him . the stupid bit about randy quaid being a talk show star after busting into rob reiner 's talk show is just dumb . that does n't happen . if you want to write a cartoon , get warner brothers to draw it for you . have the road runner in it , or bugs bunny . the film gives us comfort food at the end , with the trite and meaningless advice to love your kids . the fact is that your kids need love from their father when they are young , but once they hit a certain age , in double digits , you are done . daddy just becomes the source of cash from then on . kids in their teens and twenties do n't want or need anything but money from dad . fittingly , i saw this film on father 's day . to sum the whole movie up , janeane garofalo is funny , randy quaid is kind of comfortable to watch although the script gets a little stupid at the tail end , and the other two male leads are just mildly annoying . the script does n't say anything worthwhile about the subject it took on . but it takes a subject on , so at least that 's something . it gives exposure and food for thought on the subject of how a father fits into his family 
books neg 801.txt the text is ok and the way the story is cut up in frames and assembled is competent , but the drawings are the work of a hack , often tacky and always styleless and garishly colored . the costumes and settings are totally lacking in imagination and carry no semantic weight . the attempts to create a visual equivalent for the musical leitmotifs of the operas are too literal and very much in the spirit of a mechanical translation from opera to comic book . an affront to connoisseurs of either opera or comics or both . only valuable as a kitschy curiosity 
camera pos 230.txt this is a replacement for an identical battery pack that i lost . works great , long life , no problems 
camera neg 310.txt this item does not charge your camera . it does provide power to your camera while plugged in , but it does not recharge your camera 's battery 
music neg 593.txt unlike most other items i 've bought from amazon , i failed to read the reviews for this particular cd before purchasing . being a fan of the final fantasy series , i think i fell into a bit of the " fanboy " ( well in my case , " fangirl " i guess ) syndrome . also i did n't do my homework at all and thought this was an orchestrated recording , which it most certainly is not . i own most of the final fantasy ost 's ( and heartily endorse them for fans of the games ) and this particular cd does nothing new or compelling to the music . tracks 1-7 are pretty much carbon copies of their ost counterparts . track 8 , the opening theme of ffviii ( liberi fatali ) has a very odd synth-solo vocal mix covering what is in the original a very moving choral section . tracks 9-11 again are basically copies of the ost . track 12 , " alexandria ( vivi 's theme ) " is the only somewhat-original track , as it seems to put together several pieces from the ffix soundtrack in a medley of sorts . unless you are a rabid fan who must have everything ff , i recommend saving up and purchasing the real ost 's instead of this disc . while i do n't see non-fans flocking to purchase this disc , it might be worthwile if you 're only slightly interested in the series and want a taste . even in that event i 'd be worried this disc would turn those people off from the series entirely . pros : cheap ( i paid $6 , new ) track 12 is worth a listen cons : tracks 1-7 , 9-11 offer nothing much new or different track 8 has creepy ( in a bad way ) synth / voice mixe 
music neg 139.txt can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain 
dvd pos 821.txt joan crawford had it . star quality . when i first saw her in ' grand hotel ' i was surprised how much i was watching her character instead of the equally riveting character played by the great greta garbo . both were stars . but crawford was able to project a different kind of sensuality than garbo - a vulnerability , a plucky girl-next-door quality . in humoresque , an older crawford was still able to achieve this level of performance paired off with the younger male star . let 's face it - women have a great advantage acting ( perhaps women are always acting ) - besides being better looking than men , they can emote more without going out of gender role . a distinct advantage vis-a-vis men who must restrict their emotional range or be accused of over acting . it 's a horrible thing to fall in love . and that is just what crawford 's character does . falls in love with the worst of all possible choices : a musician . musicians only love music . the music in the film is worth the price of admission alone . who amongst you would throw the first stone at a fine violinist playing ' zigeunerwisser ' or any of the other fine war horses of the classical violin repertoire ? she falls in love with the young ' artist of the month ' whom she offers to help jumpstart his career , renting a concert hall for his first recital . she is married to a wealthy but understanding man who loves her but lets her do what she wants - drinking , philandering ... most men do what she wants and accept her ridicule . the character of the musician does not ; he 's a tough new yorker who gives her as good as he gets - and she finds herself loving him despite herself . love is madness , and when he starts being successful with his concert tours but neglects to phone her for weeks , she falls apart emotionally . it is profoundly humiliating to realize someone else can hurt you badly simply by declining to keep in touch . silence is the perfect expression of contempt , is n't it ? she drinks , she mopes about her ' cottage ' in the hamptons , she is crazy in love with a man who does n't seem to reciprocate her feelings . in our time , she might see her doc and get a prescription for zoloft to be rid of the lovesick blues and of obsessive thoughts of him . but this is before thorazine , even , and she 's just out of luck there . so she drinks . drinking was the preferred way to deaden the unbearable pain of rejection in love in the days before designer drugs were available from your neighborhood spice man . to complicate things , her musician had an old girlfriend from the conservatory where he studied music as a young man . additionally , there was the dreaded ' american mom ' in full armor . she just had to tell this grown son of hers , repeatedly , that the woman he finally fell in love with was no good . she even slaps him upside the head as he shows her around his ritzy new apartment with a view ; it seems he has too many portraits of crawford 's character in view . that 's the way , mom . make your boy marry a good girl , like you , maybe . meanwhile , and i just love a line the character played by oscar levant comes up with at her cottage in the hamptons , " you 're not the kind of woman who lets her husband get in the way of her marriage . " a lot funnier said than written . levant did a lot of great piano playing in the film , dropping dozens of one liners like that . he almost stole several acts . this is a very forties film . in black and white . whatever happened to the colorization process ? oh , well . finally , mom tells the rich girl to keep her hands off her son . and dutifully , crawford 's character retreats to her cottage in the hamptons , gets drunk one last time , wades into the surf in a stunning , shimmering black cocktail dress and is never seen again . i told you love was dangerous ! her lover , after cancelling one measly concert out of despair at her death , decides not to ruin a promising career and returns to the concert stage . men ! emotional iqs of 30 , at most . well , that 's all folks . if your eyes were still dry at the end of this film , you 're safe - you 'll never fall in love 
camera pos 600.txt this is something you will really need to keep you camcorder save and sound . defenitely worth the money 
music pos 588.txt i recently decided to go through some of my old cds that i have n't listened toin ages . dj cheb i sabbah 's maha maya : shri durga remixed&quot ; was one of those cds that i came upon . this was my first exposure to indian music , let alone world music . i was n't really familiar with music outside of western culture . so this was a new experience for me . listening to & quot ; maha maya&quot ; shri durga remixed&quot ; certainly takes the listener on a trip to india with its traditional indian melodies . i envisioned myself in the taj mahal and watching a slew of belly dancers performing . the music took me awhile for the melodies to grow on me . it is certainly by no means your traditional dance remix album . i however dug transglobal underground 's version of & quot ; kese kese&quot ; ( where 's the sarangi mix&quot ; right from the get go . it has a nice beat . dj cheb i sabbah did a good job at mixing and making sure that the music flowed well together . i am definitely curious to hear dj cheb 's other cds now that i have re-discovered this little gem of a cd 
music pos 51.txt this album is absolutely beautiful . the full musical sound and talent of calexico together with the soothing warm vocals of iron & wine make the perfect match . it 's almost unheard of that i love every song on an album , but this one makes the cut . each song wraps you in a warm trance , a coccoon of well-being . it has a really positive emotional effect on me . it creates an ambiance of gentle strength . wonderful . i really hope to see a these two bands getting together for more albums 
camera neg 323.txt the camera feels slick . the software that comes with it gets a 4 star for efficiency , though the intuitiveness is not its strength . while the large lcd display is terrific ( the main reason i got it ) , it is worthless in a high glare situation . you ca n't see what you are shooting . it 's worthless ! and since nikon did not give you a viewing lense for such situations , there are times whey you have no idea what you are shooting . while the viewing wheel , to rapidly cycle through the shots you 've taken , is quite handy , the rest of the navigation is less than intuitive , and often takes so long to figure out that you give up . pictures are generally good , though the conditions have to be perfect , or you get grain or blur . there is one lovely feature , but it is only useful on a tri-pod . it is a function which allows you to take a flash photo and have the aperture remain open for a little while after to fill in the background . it creates flash shots without the black void background typical of such pix . i use that feature a lot , but its worthless without " legs " for the camera . i bought this on a whim , counting on the nikon reputation . had i known , i would have stuck with the canon 
music pos 101.txt this is jewel 's first cd and i enjoyed it especially foolish games and you were meant for me . i ca n't wait for her latest 
dvd pos 401.txt i heard so much about masaki kobayashi 's " harakiri " , so i bought it at amazon and watched it . wow , this movie is awesome ! ! now i do n't know who is my #1 favorite director , akira kurosawa or masaki kobayashi . this black and white movie intensifies the theme of this movie along with the music by tohru takemitsu . in addition to these assets , the camera is wonderful . i pick this movie as one of " my movies of my life " . tatuyua nakadai was shining in this movie . i like him more after seeing " harakiri " . 
software pos 722.txt i use this with a macbook laptop with 2gb ram without any performance issues . it is a great product for when you have outgrown imovie but do n't need the full feature set of final cut . i use it for both perosnal and work video production . no problems connecting and moving video of a panasonic pv-gs500 video camera via firewire . there is a learning curve but the basics are pretty easy to master . 
camera neg 701.txt purchased this item in dec 06 ' screen burned out mar 07' . on top of that screen quality was not that great . do not order order this item 
music pos 719.txt though i am only 33 years old , i grew up listening to bob wills . merle haggard did a great job with this one ( as he always does ) . i got goose bumps listening to it . it took me back to my childhood when i would sit on the porch with my grandfather listening to bob wills . the only thing missing is the scratching of the needle on a nearly worn-out album 
music pos 56.txt it 's sometimes hard to think there are really anymore pleasing melodies out there , but thank halstead & co . for proving me wrong . i am happily pleased with their latest , and very eagerly awaited , effort . instead of the depths of melancholia and loveliness on , say , out of tune , they give us 41+ minutes of what seems like basically " it 's good , everything 's going just way ok.. . " it 's happy . maybe i 'll hear a lyric later that says something else , but for those for whom music is the priority , you ca n't go wrong with this considered and experienced and artful pop . four and a half stars 
music pos 541.txt does anyone know whether this set will become available on sacd or dvd audio format ? how would you contact grp records to ask ? i only give it four stars until multichannel format appears . 
music pos 122.txt i have seen al jarreau 20 times in concert ( and recently saw al and george perform at the hollywood bowl ) and am a long-time fan from way back . there are a few al cds that you just play forwards and backwards ( and back when they were cassettes , you wore out the tape ) because they 're just perfect . " breakin ' away " , " jarreau " and " heaven and earth " come to mind . well , add " givin ' it up " to that list . if you 're an old-school al fan and you 're wondering whether to buy this cd , buy it . it will live up to all of your al expectations . there 's a " look the rainbow " feel to it , there 's a " breakin ' away " feel to it , there 's a " jarreau " feel to it . there 's even a " glow " feel to it ( when you think about tunes like " milwaukee " and " have you seen the child ? " ) . grassroots al. it 's got the production values of " heaven and earth " and " tenderness " . fabulous production , arrangements , gathering of talent . there is not one song on here that you will skip as you 're listening to it driving to work or whatever . in fact , if you 're throwing a party and want to instantly get people in a jazzy party mood , put on this cd because between everybody from chris botti to jill scott to a soulful paul mccartney , people will stop and say , " wow , listen to jill and george tearing up ' god bless the child . ' " and " is that paul mccartney tearing up ' bring it on home to me ' ? " [yes , it is.] meanwhile , al and george are working their magic the entire time , and guests will say , " listen to george right there . " and , " al is jamming right now . " it 's a conversation-stopper provided by the best thing that can stop a conversation at a party : fabulous music that people must comment on . of course , that 's where the conversation picks right back up , so you win either way . the blend is perfect : just a touch of scatting , just a touch of voice-beat , with lots of fabulous jazzy vocals by both al and george , tons of great music solos , and george playing a perfect guitar . if you 're a george benson fan , you will be thrilled with this cd because george provides a fabulous through-line to every piece . he 's ever-present with every wonderful thing he ever did on a guitar . he fronts many of the pieces , and he 's not in any way relegated to " background guitarist . " he is the music in every piece , with few exceptions . as much as i love al , this cd is magical because of the blend of george and al. only these two can pair up to make this kind of cd . there is no other team who could have pulled this off . you need al 's voice and george 's guitar . period . in fact , i 'm guessing much of the jazz music world is a tad jealous right now of how simply genius this cd is , as in , " dang . these two are great together . wow . " bottom line : this is a perfect blend of these two greats ' talents . george takes care of the music , while al provides the wide gamut of vocals he 's an expert at ( and that only he can provide ) . if you 've been a long-time fan of either of these two , you wo n't be disappointed . it 's not lopsided . and it 's old-school in every good way . my prediction : this cd will sweep the grammys . if it does n't , there is no justice . like another reviewer on this page , i intend to buy this cd for about eight people . it 's just that perfect 
camera pos 698.txt i purchased this camera for my son . he is a doctoral student and needed to photograph items for his research . he was able to learn to use it quickly . the battery life is phenomenal 
camera pos 921.txt this film has great color production and performance . the price is also just right . you ca n't go wrong with the fujifilm superia x-tra 400 
camera pos 751.txt camera has good features and decent battery life for a " regular " camera . for those of you who do n't need a special camera and just want something that can take decent pictures . this is a good one . i like it 
music pos 769.txt this is the type of music to sit down , relax , put on a pair of headphones and let it absorb your concious . from spacey sounding electronics to soft vocals over piano to heart pounding rhythms to skittering percussion...this is just a taste of what is supersilent , and from what i hear it is all improvised which blows my head clean off . all this coming from someone who has never heard them before...talk about a great buy ! highly , highly recommended , i close my eyes , to awaken among the cosmos traveling without a tangible body , drunk with the infinite beauty , i sigh without a mouth and think. . 
camera neg 423.txt ok , this camera was inexpensive so i bought it for my kid for christmas ( 2005 ) . it actually took better pictures than my other camera ( other model sony cyber-shot ) , so i did n't give it to my kid , i kept it . i bought it a few weeks before christmas , it was opened and used on christmas day . i just used it days ago , and it just did the thing where it starts turning on , then immediately shuts off . it has been less than 1 year of use , but a week over 1 year from purchase . sony wants to charge me $111 and change , to fix it ( the camera was less than that when i bought it ) . i was just using the camera and it just shut off ! i searched inet to find many other people experience same issue . this camera is disposable ! ! ! ! i took my extra 256mb chip out of it to put in my other sony camera , and my wife said you ca n't see the screen ( lcd screen ) and you could n't for a long time . the other camera has the same issue many other people complain of as well . i also have 2 different model sony dvd writers for computer which are malfunctioning , and a sony vega 36 " tv which is n't worth the money . i will never buy another sony product again ! 
camera neg 515.txt i bought this camera to mainly use the digital macro mode , it worked great for several months , now it will not lock focus , this camera is very frustrating , every picture that i take i have to edit to lighten the picture , i tried just about every setting to get the pictures to come out , to no avail , i am a commercial real estate appraiser , so i have taken close to 2000 pictures with this camera , and just about every one i had to lighten , now the macro mode wont work , i will not buy another cannon product ever again ! ! 
camera pos 835.txt my family goes swimming quiet a bit . i got the sports pack to take pictures of the kids underwater in the pool . this is a big hit . it works extremely well . i also highly recommend the sony dsc-t9 camera . it 's great for trips . it 's so small you can put it in your pocket and the pics look great 
music pos 291.txt i used to be a bigger fan of joe satriani than steve vai about 10 years ago . now i quickly get bored of new satriani albums , but vai 's music just moves me . lotus feet for example , wow , words cannot describe what that song does to me . thanks steve 
camera pos 806.txt i 'm like most people with a digital camera . i take a bazillion pictures , develop 10% onto paper , and then banish the other 90% to computer storage archives . i mean , i 'd love to display a lot more of those pictures from my computer , but who has the wall space or time to organize all of those prints ? that 's why i decided to get a digital picture frame . i had been looking for quite some time , but was always turned off by the small-ish lcd sizes or poor resolutions . then i came across this coby 10 " widescreen unit , with the 800x480 pixel display ! there were no reviews on amazon ( at the time ) , but spec-wise it had what i wanted ; a larger display and higher resolution . i took the chance and ordered one and am i glad i did ! the display is huge , and the pictures look crisp . colors are pretty accurate when compared to that of my calibrated lcd computer monitor . the interchangeable frames ( it comes with a black one as well as the white one ) make it easy to match with your dcor . the litte remote is easy to use , but easy to lose as well , so make sure you place it somewhere easy to find . the built-in mp3 player is a nice touch . the speakers are n't that great ( it is a picture frame after all ) , but it 's nice to have the frame play music while in slideshow mode . there is a variety of transition effects to choose from . i have n't tried playing videos on it , so i ca n't comment on that feature . that being said , there are a few things that prevent me from giving this 5 stars . 1. the adjustable stand is made of cheap feeling plastic . i 've seen other frames that have much nicer backs . yes , i know it 's the front you are looking at , but the stand should be sturdier , in my opinion . 2. the angle of the stand , while adjustable , is simply held in place by friction . it actually has one setting that it can click into , but then it is angled too much to view at a normal position . 3. there seems to be a software bug that causes the display to act weird in slideshow mode . well , to be more precise , if you are in slideshow mode and you choose either the fade , mask , or cross comb transition effects , then the very top horizontal pixel line starts to show black sections . it looks like dead pixels , but once you exit the slideshow ( or use other effects other than then ones i listed ) everything is fine . i have recreated this problem , but i do n't know if it 's just my frame or all of these . no biggie . i now use no transition effects it is perfect . 4. this is not really a complaint about the product but more about coby 's specs . on their website they state the lcd is 800x480. great ! so i ordered the frame and then resized a whole bunch of pictures to that resolution . however , when i got the frame and started using it , i noticed that all of my pictures had black ( blank ) bars on both the left and right sides of the picture . it turns out that the resolution is actually 860x480 ( which i found out after some trial-and-error ) . it would have been nice to know this ahead of time to save me from having to re-resize my pictures . plus , sizing pictures to 860x480 is a really weird ratio.. . kinda like getting 4x7 prints . i ordered this from total electronics ( one of the amazon vendors ) and it arrived quickly . when i reported the " dead pixel " problem ( which turned out to be a software bug , not a defect , so to speak ) , they responded to my email quickly and offered to take it back no questions asked . now that 's customer service ! overall , i am very pleased with this product . in reality , it rates 4.5 stars . i 'm the type of person that agonizes over something before finally buying it . with this purchase , that was totally unncessary ! 
dvd neg 954.txt if the girls in this film were considered " hot " back in 1979 then i 'm glad i was still in preschool . some unattractive women , not college age girls , but actual 30-year-old women who cannot get into the popular pi sorority start their own sorority called h.o.t.s. which stands for help out the seals and sadly their pet seal was the best part of the movie . the goal of the h.o.t.s. girls is to steal all the guys away from pi house , so they throw " wild " parties , jump topless out of a airplane ( too bad the camera was on the ground ) , fly a hot air balloon over the pi house to launch pies on the pi girls as they sunbathe topless , etc. the script seems to have been written by a 12-year-old , which is n't a bad thing . i liked the fast-paced wackiness of it all and the frequent topless scenes were nice . unfortunately i did n't find any of the girls even remotely attractive . if this film was remade today with the same amount of nudity and with nikki ziering , brittany daniel , shannon elizabeth and jenna jameson as the four main h.o.t.s. girls and maybe catherine bell as the house mom it would gross over $800 million in dvd sales . i also agree with one of the previous reviewers who complained about the lack of rear shots . how rude 
music pos 30.txt i would say that this is the closest that cheap trick ever got to making a perfect album . there are only two songs on here that i 'm not one hundred percent crazy about...the slow and gloomy depressing title track and ' on the radio ' , which i think kisses up to radio d.j. 's too much . i love the rest of this . this album was my introduction to cheap trick and i would definitely recommend it to anybody as introduction to them . ' surrender ' is an out and out classic and possibly my favorite cheap trick song of all time . like most of the rest of the album , it 's heavy , it 's catchy , has great singing and interesting lyrics , and it says all it has to say in three to five minutes . ' auf weidersehen ' is another favorite tune of mine...it may be one of the heaviest tunes c.t. has ever done . i particularly love bun e . 's energetic drumming on it . zander really rips his vocal chords to shreads on this tune ! another great hard rocker is ' stiff competition' . of the more pop oriented songs , i would say ' taking me back ' is another personal favorite of mine . probably should have been a hit , dang it ! ' how are you ' shows off the band 's terrific sense of humor...i particularly like the reference to one of their earlier songs ! the other tunes from the first half that i did n't mention are also terrific , particularly ' on top of the world ' . my only complaint about this newly remastered version is that it does n't include the lyrics , which were included on the original lp version . that is but a minor complaint . i do n't think cheap trick ever made another album quite as great as this one . 
dvd neg 585.txt fifty-five minutes into this film , after freya ( jane march ) listens to the beast 's explanation of his current condition- -it is the punishment of odin for killing a bear- -she says , " what does it mean ? it makes no sense . " although there is still half an hour yet to come , these eight words pretty much sum up this low-budget variant of " beauty and the beast . " the very title blood of beasts ( plural ) makes no sense . the film shows us only one beast- -a kind of man-bear- -and he is a revived and metamorphosed version of odin 's pet bear , blended or fused with the man who killed it . academic scholars might argue that swaggering-but-cowardly sven ( played by william gregory lee ) is a kind of beast as well ( thus giving us two beasts ) , but we have no way of knowing what the writer and director intended . most likely the title was devised by somebody in the marketing department who had not seen the film . surely the blurb on the back of the dvd 's hard case was written by another marketing person who never watched it either ; e.g. , it is untrue that freya " must undertake a deadly battle when her father and fiance are captured by a tormented monster . . . cast out by his people . " nor is it true that " the beast [singular] . . . battles with freya for his redemption . " further , expect no truth in these grand-sounding words : " prepare for the ultimate tale of love and sacrifice , damnation and salvation . " btw , the front of the hard case has a fake sepia picture of jane march / freya shooting an arrow in an impossible manner : the arrow 's shaft is two or three inches above her hand that 's gripping the bow . with one exception , the acting is a perfect match for the script : laughably poor . the exception is the beast ( played by david dukas ) . one is tempted to quip that only this role has " teeth " ; the fact is that only his role permits audio engineers ( or whoever ) to enhance the actor 's voice electronically , only his role required serious make-up , and only his role required a " special effect " ( his morphing back to agnar , which every semi-conscious viewer , by a third of the way into the film , knew was coming ) . other viewers have commented on the comical tropical setting of this viking saga and the laughable " ships . " most preposterous is the tiny skiff that freya and ingrid ( candice hillebrand ) use to rescue king thorsson ( greg melvill-smith ) . on the island , the beast possesses an iron cage ( which clearly has been welded together using 20th - or 21st-century equipment ) ; when the king is confined in it , it can only be secured from the outside- -and yet , when freya is put inside it for her own protection at night , only she has control of its locking device . how convenient . the costumes are also anacronistically interesting , but only ms. march 's deserve extended comment . when we first see her , she is wearing a little black viking bikini as she swims with friends ; then , besides flimsy chain mail , we see her in an array of gowns that seem to be fashoned from finely woven or knit fabrics- -the final one being most noteworthy for its sequined molded push-up bra-top . lest this review seem too harsh , a few individuals connected with this film deserve special mention for their outstanding contributions : mark thomas , who composed the viking music ; rob bishop , one of the focus pullers ; ryan lotter and steven ndlovu , two clapper loaders ; andrew gribble , a grip ; ben phiri , the generator operator ; guy bonner , transport manager ; johannes sithole , fabrication assistant ; kirsty taylor , prosthetics ; maxmillian van der merwe , standby set dresser ; dirk knoesen , stand-by [sic] carpenter ; sally van der merwe , scenic artists [sic] ; janine wyatt-mair , stunt performer ; grace sibiyo , seamstress ; diane allen , hair supervisor ; bianca , trainee make-up assistant ; ian thysse , medic ; and mark ferda , who did double duty as both dialogue editor and re-recording mixer . oh , one more thing : after coming out of her cage in the morning , jane march seems to have a nude swim in the sea , which the poor beast views from hiding , far-far-far away 
camera neg 943.txt i measured 7 batteries out of the pack of 20 with la crosse charger , which i also bought from amazon . the capacity ranged from 547 mah to 2002 mah , with the average being 886 mah . that 's about a third of the stated capacity . before i took the measurements , i made sure the charger works properly by testing it with two different brands of aa nimh batteries : la crosse and energizer . both scored very close to their stated capacity . therefore , the test is valid and sunpak 's claim of 2650 mah is grossly overstated . my advice : avoid sunpak like the plague ! 
music neg 336.txt can it be that people are letting their personal beliefs block the receptors in the brain that signal bad music ? ive listened to many bob dylan albums , and every one is a gem . freewheelin ' is my favorite , but so what ? it does n't matter which ones we love , because we all know what bob dylan 's worst record was , and its saved . im not one to question this man 's beliefs or anything like that , bob dylan deserves all the respect in the universe , but could it be that bob dylan made a transfer to christian music to help us all see how bad it is ? could he have made the transfer to make a mockery of the christian faith ? almost certainly not . but only a seriously bad album could have planted these seeds in my brain 
camera neg 358.txt broke the day after i got it . but when it worked i loved it 
camera pos 758.txt shooting with a dslr is great in a lot of ways , but the sensor crop kills my wide-angle capability , which , to me , is absolutely awful ! personally , i hate zoom lenses . i 've got a full set of nikon primes . and while i 'd prefer a prime lens , these zoom lenses are the only game in town for wide angle on crop sensor dslr . i like this lens because it goes wide on digital . i suggest you buy this lens for the 10mm and keep it at 10mm because the 10mm wide end is really where it 's at and the reason to buy this lens over the alternatives . for anybody considering 10mm vs 12mm at the wide end , unless you mostly use the narrower end of the focal length most of the time , 2mm is a significant difference in field of view on short lenses . as the focal length increases ( eg , from 400mm to 600mm ) , the difference in angle of view is not very large . but the difference between 10mm is 12mm even though " only 2mm " is no laughing matter , and if you do n't believe me , you can do a comparison in a camera shop to prove it to yourself . if you end up deciding to get a 12mm , you want to buy the sigma 12mm ( i think it is 12-24mm ? ) because that lens covers full 35mm frame ( and the angle of view has got to be absolutely amazing ) ! also , if sigma or nikon reads this review , please make an 8mm or 9mm f2.8 rectilinear crop sensor prime ! and if sigma reads this review , i want some f1.2 or f1.0 afd primes ! 50mm for film maybe even a digital sensor version in some medium range focal length ! i would definitely buy ( full frame coverage of course ) a mid length and a medium wide angle and a short tele ! neither nikon nor canon makes anything like that ( well , canon kind of does / did ) , so you 'd have the market segment dominated 
camera pos 591.txt the only two drawbacks to this lens are that it requires a huge amount of light to take quality photographs and it is relatively slow to autofocus , especially where there is not adequate light . aside from this it is a good but not great lens . it is probably worth the money that it cost , however , i believe that a better lens would be the 70 - 300 mm vr which costs about 4x the price of this lens 
music pos 956.txt jigga is incredibly hot on this album beanie is good to great . memphis bleek , is really good on this album , but is overshadowed . his " 534 " shows how good he is , this album does not . overall as an album it does a good job of showing off roc a fella , but not to much about the dynasty 
camera neg 884.txt the en-el3a is a works fine and with no problems . however , amazon is misleading its customers by putting a lower price from a partner company as the primary price of the item . amazon should market the item at it 's price and show the partner price as an option unless the item can only be obtained from the partner . the 2 stars is not for the item but for amazon 's misleading advertisment 
software pos 328.txt the product did just what i wanted and that is to burn videos onto dvds from my camera . i had an earlier version of nero but it would not do this . 
music neg 408.txt this is the 4th worse song to be put out in 2006. seriously , this is awful . very juvenile and materialistic . this guy and his rented chains need to disapear . what a waste 
music pos 99.txt you can resume eddie cochran very well with one cd.after all , when he died he was only 21 years old.this selection is almost the same if you except 5 songs of the legendary master series released in 1990.his best songs are there:summertime blues was of course a favorite of the who , who often featured it in their concerts.i am particularly fond of jeannie , jeannie , jeannie , c'mon everybody and the marvellous somethin'else with it 's great shuffle , a trademark of eddie.if you are interested in rock 's early days , you 'll enjoy this cd 
music pos 626.txt this is the latest entry in the lost legend series and it is the best alblum since the very first lost legends alblum release . the songs match up and compliment each other better than any of the previous alblums in this series , so well that it sounds like a dance alblum . i give it a high recommendation for any surf music fan . try alldirect.com for the best prices on this series of alblums 
dvd pos 818.txt great movie and musical numbers courtesy of quincy jones and the wonderful cast . 
camera neg 407.txt these glasses should not have the bushnell name on them , which misleads one to think they are good quality . i bought them for my son , and by the time i got around to sending them , i discovered that the plastic housing was cracked where the front lens screws in , so the lens was misaligned . it was past the 30-day return date , so i glued the crack and kept them for my own use . they are still not right , but i keep them in my car for occasional use . my advice - - spend some extra money and get a good pair . 
camera neg 227.txt was dropped onece and it broke . computer doe n't recongise software with windows xp . kids were disappointed they could n't see there pictures . called the company and they were no help 
music neg 899.txt you know the music industry is in decline when people are giving this single a perfect rating . run for cover 
music pos 686.txt i put off buying this for many years . having heard many posthumous albums that were just hideous , i did n't want to taint my perceptions of the queen legacy . so i ignored this album . then , one day , i was listening to innuendo and that old curiosity crept in again . i came here and read many positive reviews , so i took the plunge . i came out the other side very content . the legacy had not been tainted . the album is uneven in places , but the songs that are good are very good ( mother love , let me live ) . with some albums like this , it is often easy to tell that the vocals were spliced in . now , i do n't know exactly how this was done , but the songs feel seamless , even the dance track " you do n't fool me , " which i can picture being blasted at high volumes in a late-night club . of course there is some sadness in the songs and that feeling that time is running out ( especially in " mother love " ) , but upon the conclusion of the album , i want to say to the brian and the boys ( men ) , " you 've done good . 
music neg 960.txt from the twang of his guitar to the cowboy hat perched on his head , george strait is totally and completely revolting . i mean , for goodness sake the man 's like 100 years old ! how much longer is it going to take for everyone to realize that ? if you like this kind of music , please go to charter before you 're beyond help . take this as a warning-do n't buy the cd 
camera neg 520.txt i bought my canon a95 in november 2004. a little after 1 year just after the manufacturer 's warranty expired , the infamous e18 error struck . i called the factory repair center to get a repair estimate , and they quoted $89 plus $8 shipping & handling . i bought the camera for $300 online , now it 's going to cost me roughly 1 / 3 of its purchase cost to repair it . for all i know , it might break down again after the repair ! the repair comes with 90-day warranty period , but it could break again after 90 days . and then.. . there is an upgrade option . canon offers a program where you can upgrade a95 for a610 for $125 plus $10 shipping and handling . this comes with only 6-month warranty . again , it could be flawed with the same e18 error that could struck after warranty expires . i would really do extensive research before buying another canon . 
music neg 922.txt after breaking the collective hearts of the soft rock-loving populace by leaving the powerhouse group chicago , traitor cetera made a half-baked attempt to reconcile himself with his fanbase by recording this stinker . it 's coincidental that the first track is titled " big mistake " , as if traitor knew his leaving one of the premier groups of our time was the worst decision he would ever make . i bought this album way back in 1986 with some birthday money , and after i had listened to the album once , i made myself go and apologize to all of my family members for wasting their money so foolishly . what else is here ? oh , you have the " karate kid ii " ballad " glory of love " , a tune so nauseating it 's made me completely ignore the second film in the canon , and go straight from the original " karate kid " to " iii " and " next " whenever i do my yearly film marathon . i just pretend the second film never existed . it also has the semi-smash " next time i fall " , where traitor makes it a point to hog the spotlight completely from guest vocalist amy grant . in short , if you a ) thought cetera 's leaving chicago was a great decision , or b ) like your music pointless and nauseating , by all means get this album . if you want music with real heart and soul , just go buy some chicago . you 'll be glad you did 
camera pos 561.txt this product fits my camera perfectly and is not at all bulky . a great safeguard from falls and the velcro latch provides just enough security . 
software neg 270.txt i wanted to use this product to tape sporting events , as part of a promotions unit i belong to . i had used videowave 7 which was ok and produced a more than adequate product , but would on occassion crash to the extent i would have to reload the software . i thought i would give pe 3.0 ago , since adobe products generally have a good reputation . well , it goes to show that you ca n't just rely on reputation . the program lets me down horribly when capturing the video from the camera . the camera records dvd video ( vob files ) straight to dvd . when i capture these files into the pe program , all moving images within the video become pixelated with lost resolution to the point of being useless . i have tried various other ways of capturing but always the same result . there is nothing to be done from that point...for me this program falls on the first hurdle ! ! it is unbelievable to me that a professionally released image processing algorithm could corrupt video so badly , and frustrating that i actually paid money for it...a first year undergraduate could have provided a better effort . i have subsequently gone through the motions to produce a video , and to be honest he layout of the settings , ease of applicaiton of various functions is quite good and better than videowave 7 imho . i was able to produce quite nice edited products with intro , text and audio overlays very quickly . still this is n't much use when the video itself had already been digitally butchered . if you are videoing things that do n't move you may well like this product . if you are videoing dynamic scenes , give it a miss . big disappointment 
music pos 922.txt well , this is n't at the gates . nightrage reminds me of many old arch enemy guitar tunes that were so melodic . of course , that leads into gus g . substituting chris on concerts being an excellent choice , as they make very similar melodies . some people say this album is heavy , which it is in some parts . but its melodic death , there are no signs of thrash or anything . just great melodies , great headbanging music . add this to your collection , i think its better than sweet vengeance 
music pos 670.txt this arrived the other day , i pre ordered it . two of the greatest songwriters ever in my opinion . its about time this was available on cd and here it is . sounds great ! go get it for the collection 
camera pos 624.txt this is the perfect gift for any occasion.i bought one for my husband for his birthday and he took it to work next thing you know everyone was on here buying theirselves one.it is a very easy thing to load pics on and hook up to your tv.he sales cars and hes got his on his desk showing his family off and cars that they also have on the lot for the older people who are unable to withstand the heat so they sit right at his desk and check every car out on his digital frame.i give this frame an a++++++ 
camera neg 348.txt i purchased this product about 2 months ago , the resolution is not the best but it 's acceptable . after a month , it turned off by itself and would n't turn on again ! ! i sent it to repair and had to pay $50.00 ! ! ! somenthing to do with the power button . i have it on a ups with battery , also freezes for no reason . i do n't recomend it 
music neg 389.txt it 's loud . you ca n't hear the lyrics nor the words . just a lot of loud noise . great if you want to damage your hearing 
camera neg 889.txt i used to have an canon elura 70 , which was an excellent camcorder but the firewire transfer did n't work so i decided to replace it with the elura 100 only to find that canon had discontinued the elura line . i really wanted an elura for the improved video quality over the low-end zr models . so as a compromise i purchased the zr 850 which has a 1mp ccd , not a good as the elura ( 1.3mp ) but better than the other zr 's ( .640mp ) . the video quality was n't bad but the motor noise was so loud i could n't believe it . i returned the first one but the replacement was just as bad . this is n't a minor hum in the background i 'm talking about , its a full-on whine ! i also found the zr camera to be difficult to handle with my small-ish hands and the video stabilisation was a bit disappointing . luckily i could return both cameras without incurring a restocking fee and found a reconditioned elura 100 that is much more satisfactory . its a mystery to me how canon can produce two markedly different cameras ( quality wise ) in the same price range and opt to phase out the better one 
music pos 728.txt as a former piano major i can assure those who would purchase this dusc that it is well worth it . reminiscent ( dare i say it ? ) of horowitz 
music pos 742.txt unless you frequented jazz clubs in baltimore or philly in the fall of 1955 , this would have been your first exposure to the miles davis-john coltrane collaboration ( a few tracks recorded for columbia , the label miles would soon be joining exclusively , a few weeks before this session were n't issued until much later ) . davis settled on coltrane as his replacement for the departing sonny rollins almost by default - no one else fit the bill or new the book . that they would stay together long seemed unlikely because their temperaments differed so much ( davis was a hands-off leader , coltrane wanted constant input from miles on his playing and music in general ) . stablemates ( a benny golson tune ) is the track that seems to draw the most attention . it 's an excellent composition , and although coltrane sounds somewhat tentative ( nervous ? ) , the performance is attractive . but my favorite side is there is no greater love , even though coltrane sits this one out : miles plays beautifully , and i love the emotion he wrings from the tune . true , this is an early effort by the group that would transform modern jazz , but it 's a very good session nonetheless . the group plays well , the rhythm section is rock solid , and they are all off and running . full speed ahead 
camera neg 798.txt my kids can see better through a toilet paper roll than this " telescope . " meaning , you ca n't see a freaking thing through it . do n't waste your money 
music pos 329.txt bone thugs is always keepin it real . this album gots good production and of course them good lyrics . i love the beats on this album . the songs i got in my top 5 are straight bangers no doubt . this double album is a classic by bone thugs . you should cop this album . all tracks are 4-5 minutes long , each emcee spittin there verses , good stuff . definately check out this album now ! ! ! my top 5 songs 1.handle the vibe 2.look into my eyes 3.body rott 4.it 's all mo ' thug 5.ai n't nothin change 
dvd pos 110.txt i will be utterly honest , i do n't buy music cds anymore . with so many bands hitting the streets faster than i can imagine , i honestly cannot keep up with them all . music begins to sound the same , corporations seem to have their pre-determined hit prior to the public even forming their own opinion . those like the simpsons , backstreet boys , and even hip-hop artists are blending together to sound uniform , unoriginal , and overly drab . i had nearly lost my faith in music , retreating to some of my older music like dmb , counting crows , and travis , but then i found ... the suns . stumbling around the internet i discovered , shockingly , one of the videos to their album called " romantic death " . it was one of the most creative and disturbing videos that i have seen in quite some time . then it hit me , i could n't get this song out of my mind . throughout the whole day i had the beat , the lyrics , and the overall sensation of the song stuck in my mind ... and i had only heard it once . like a drug , i needed more . when i returned home that evening i found the song again and could n't stop listening to it . for the first time in a long time , i had found a new band . then , i bought this album . knowing nothing about the band except for the " romantic death " song , i put this in my dvd player and continued to be impressed . their videos are just as smart as their music . their tracks seem to cover every genre of music from folk , rock , and even hard edge . their lyrics seem well-considered , smart and a voice to a new generation . my favorites of the album are : " must be you " " romantic death " ( parental guidance is suggested ) " lost at home " " rockstop " " we tried " in fact , every time i listen to this album i find a new song to explore , a new song to jam to on the way to work ; a new song to enjoy ! for those skeptical of this band , i suggest this album to test your tastes . not only does it provide songs for you to burn onto other cds which allow friends and family to explore this band , but also all of their energetic , original videos that will never see the light of day on mtv , but can be watched from the leisure of your dvd player . the sun are a breath of fresh air to the music industry and this album finally got me out of the corporate rut that seems to be plaguing this industry . " ...if the rockstops , it 'll be all my fault.. . " grade : ***** out of ***** 
music neg 504.txt this is a copy of the review on amazon.com for van zant 's get right with the man which is another sony corrupted title . " this cd secretly installs drm ( digital rights management ) software on your pc without your permission . not only does it do this , but the software then hides itself by installing as a " root kit . " as per wikipedia , - - root kit from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . a root kit is a set of tools used by an intruder after cracking a computer system . these tools can help the attacker maintain his or her access to the system and use it for malicious purposes . root kits are known to exist for a variety of operating systems such as linux , solaris and versions of microsoft windows . a rootkit typically hides logins , processes , files , and logs and may include software to intercept data from terminals , network connections , and the keyboard . in many sources , rootkits are counted as trojan horses . - - in this instance , sony installs drm software to copy protect their cd , and prevent it from being copied to various devices , all the while not telling you , the user , or letting you uninstall it because it hides itself from the user and windows . manually trying to uninstall it like some people have done , results in their cd-rom drives disappearing entirely from windows , as sony installs their own custom cd-rom drivers onto the system . do not support this wreckless kind of copy protection . show the music business this is *your* music . *you* purchased it , and they should *not* be able to dictate how you can use it . do not buy this cd . " a list of affected titles can be found here : http : / / www.eff.org / deeplinks / archives / 004144.php and another part of an amazon.com review for the van zant cd " amazon rocks . they pulled they infected cd 's from sale and allowed these reviews that tell of the problems . shame on sony they not only messed with the consumers but also the artists . " trey anastasio , shine ( columbia ) celine dion , on ne change pas ( epic ) neil diamond , 12 songs ( columbia ) our lady peace , healthy in paranoid times ( columbia ) chris botti , to love again ( columbia ) van zant , get right with the man ( columbia ) switchfoot , nothing is sound ( columbia ) the coral , the invisible invasion ( columbia ) acceptance , phantoms ( columbia ) susie suh , susie suh ( epic ) amerie , touch ( columbia ) life of agony , broken valley ( epic ) horace silver quintet , silver 's blue ( epic legacy ) gerry mulligan , jeru ( columbia legacy ) dexter gordon , manhattan symphonie ( columbia legacy ) the bad plus , suspicious activity ( columbia ) the dead 60s , the dead 60s ( epic ) dion , the essential dion ( columbia legacy ) natasha bedingfield , unwritten ( epic ) ricky martin , life ( columbia ) ( labeled as xcp , but , oddly , our disc had no protection 
camera pos 84.txt i bought this hood after reading elsewhere that it fits the 50mm f / 1.8 mark i ( the version with the metal mount and distance scale ) that i purchased recently . canon specs the discontinued es-65 hood for this lens . the great thing about this et-65iii is that it is longer , so it blocks more stray light without vignetting on full-frame or 1 / 6-frame slrs . the interior on this mark iii version is also flocked , providing a bit more light absorption . i 've used those collapsible rubber hoods before while in college , but this hood is definitely worth the investment : well built , fits backward on the lens for storage ( but too long while the lens is on the camera ) , and provides good protection for the front of the lens ( it 's quite deep ) . note that this will not fit the newer 50mm f / 1.8 mark ii version ( all plastic mount with no distance scale ) 
music pos 584.txt really enjoyed hearing all of them again . there is some great talent on here . i hope they all get their own opportunities ! i do think in some cases there are some better songs to show off these great singers voices . 
music neg 92.txt this music is a rip off . all is borrowed to the 4 first albums of marc bolan playing under the name of tyranosaurus rex . something more bluesy here and there but nothing allowing to give any credit to this guy . a shame 
dvd pos 740.txt it 's difficult to identify the exact pinnacle of alfred hitchcock 's masterworks , especially as he had a most fruitful period during the 1950 's until the 1960 classic " psycho " , but 1946 's " notorious " is arguably his most perfectly crafted and cast film . first , there is a sharp , intensely plotted script by the estimable ben hecht that focuses on alicia huberman , the daughter of a convicted nazi spy , and t.r. devlin , an american agent hired to convince alicia to spy on a clandestine group of neo-nazis based in rio de janeiro . this means she would have to seduce and eventually marry alex sebastian , a key group member who has never gotten over alicia in his heart . this triangle is embodied by three stars at the height of their powers . a primarily poker-faced cary grant portrays devlin close to the vest and charismatically hides his emotions under a veil of cold arrogance . in a series of scenes that pierce with a subverted eroticism , devlin falls in love with alicia but cannot find the courage to admit that to himself or to her . claude rains , on the other hand , imbues sebastian with such an open romanticism and sad streaks of jealousy that we can actually sympathize with a nazi war criminal a year after wwii ended , quite a daring feat within the film 's historical context . at the vortex , though , is ingrid bergman , who probably gives her most accomplished performance as alicia . at the time , she was deified as the chaste mother superior in leo mccarey 's harmless " the bells of st. mary 's " with bing crosby . bergman turned a smart corner here as a " loose " woman in love with the bottle until she is transformed by her love for devlin , at which point , she becomes a stylish decoy to draw the nave sebastian to her alluring charms . ethereally beautiful and constantly pained , she conveys much of her character 's feelings through her eyes and subtle facial expressions because she and grant portray two people who ca n't admit they desperately want to be together even if her life depends on it . their failure to communicate leads to alicia sinking deeper into the morass of some nasty espionage business that ultimately puts her life in jeopardy . the chemistry between the two legends is palpable , especially in the then-controversial , three-minute kissing sequence that put censors into a tizzy . however , above all , this is a hitchcock film , the film is filled with his genius for ingenious subjective camerawork and suspenseful set pieces , the latter perfectly illustrated by the party sequence at sebastian 's mansion starting with an unbelievable dolly shot right into alicia 's hand clasping the cellar key , which she passes to devlin to find what is being hidden in the wine bottles . there are intriguing performances on the sidelines with louis calhern as the head of the american agency in rio and the intimidating madame konstantin as alex 's ice-cold mother , both displaying a machiavellian spirit to get what they want . the criterion collection has done another masterful job with their dvd package , including an alternative audio commentary track featuring renowned hitchcock scholar marian keane providing insightful scene-specific analysis and film historian rudy behlmer . as was common with movie hits of the day , the movie was recreated in condensed form for radio , and the 1948 lux radio theater adaptation starring the voices of ingrid bergman and joseph cotten is included as well . there are also lots of still photos , a collection of trailers and teasers , and even production correspondence and script excerpts of deleted scenes and alternate endings for the more anal-retentive among us . this is a true classic and required viewing for any fan of hitchcock , bergman , grant or rains 
music pos 240.txt the title gets it right - this is a very fun album . there are a lot of great songs on here . infectious lyrics and music - it still surprises me that matthew sweet is n't more popular than he is . one other thing...it 's a sin that " we 're the same " was n't a bigger hit than it was . truly a great song 
camera neg 201.txt very disappointed by canon on the fit of this adapter . adapater and shade attachments block camer lens view and create flash shadows 
music pos 457.txt this cd is a classic , a must for all those who loved the movie . i wondered if i would get a crackling type of sound , but it is as crystal clear as the movie sound . this is perfect for those who want to practice the songs for a " sound of music " event or a singing class ! 
camera neg 569.txt i bought this because it was 50% off . i ca n't see how anybody can get much enjoyment from trying to look at photos on this viewer . i guess for background noise , it would be good but as a photo viewer , it 's not . small screen + low resolution = poor viewer 
music pos 60.txt attell is one of the few decent comics out there right now . i was n't that big of a fan until i saw this in a record store and decided to give it a shot . i 'm running out of comedy albums , there 's not that many good ones out there . so i bought it and i was impressed . the audience is obviously drunken college kids who were very familiar with the show " insomniac " . they would laugh and scream if just slammed the microphone into his forehead the whole night . he has very good timing and delivery though and his jokes have very unpredictable punchlines for the first time you are hearing them . you never see the punchline coming a mile away . he is vulgar so if you are sensitive in any way to graphic sexual scenarios and profanity , stay away . he is one of the few that i enjoy now , tragically mitch hedberg died in march because he was another . the increasingly popular dane cook does n't do it for me . cook 's retaliation cd has broken all sorts of records for a comedy album . i think cook is very marketable to the college , 20something crowd , guys like him because he 's the loud obnoxious drinking buddy from the frat , chicks think he 's cute . i recommomend attell myself , he is vulgar but is just a better comedian 
music pos 536.txt gerry beckley is " timeless " . his new cd is awesome and seems to go back to his roots . his songs over the years last lifetimes and bring back amazing memories.this new cd just proves he hasnt lost his touch . anyone who does not agree , doesnt know the real gerry . i have had the privilege to meet him and talk with him many times , including being able to celebrate new years eve with them after a concert with the rest of america and their families.he is one of the nicest people i have ever met , and his songs have always been a part of my life . i hope there are still many more cd 's still to come and look forward to seeing him again in the near future in concert and afterwards 
camera neg 349.txt i purchased this for my 10 yr old son . i was surprised at how , well , cheap it appeared . we took it out of the box and turned it on and it would not work at first , then it worked for about 10 minutes , then it never worked again and we had to return it . amazon was great during the return process and refunded our money quickly . we ended up buying the dgx 5.1 mp from a local store i it 's place . it has worked well for my son and is holding up to the rigors of youth . not a professional photography instrument , but a pretty decent unit for him 
music neg 266.txt this is anything but soothing . the tone is too high pitched ; nothing like the deep bass of crashing waves along the rocky carmel coastline that i was hoping for . i did buy the twofer and got the ocean surf cd by dan gibson and found it much more relaxing , even though it is n't a tumbling surf sound . i was able to fall asleep.. . which was my goal . now if i could only return ocean waves . 
camera pos 607.txt having just gone back to using a film camera from digital ( my wife still uses digital ) i have found this to be an excellant camera so far . i have taken 6 rolls of film and everyone one has came out perfect . i would recommend it 
music neg 917.txt there is at times , a fine line between noise and music . nin not only crossed that line in this cd , but stomped on it a few times in the process . not even close to the calibre of with teeth , this cd is a waste of time and an insult to the talent that resides within this group of musicians . songs that go from semi-music to irritating noise and last four times as long as one can abide , while " playing " the same thing over and over and ...well , you get my drift . if great music is your thing , pass this one up . or write me a note and tell me why on earth such a great group would release such an abomination 
music neg 454.txt carlos mencia is one edgy comedian ; i know this because he wo n't stop telling everyone about it . i 've never been a huge fan of carlos and after listening to this cd my opinion of him has n't really changed . he claims to be an edgy comedian and that 's his problem , if he was truly edgy he would n't have to constantly remind us in his cd / dvd titles , his show on comedy central , radio / tv interviews and most importantly during his own act . sure he talks about very racial and socially taboo subjects but so does chris rock , george lopez , david cross , george carlin , dave chappelle , richard pryor ( rip ) and countless other comedians and they are much better at it . in fact they are so good at it mr. mencia often feels to need to use some of these comedian 's jokes in his own act , a true sign of respect for those who came before them ; at least that 's what carlos seems to think or maybe he 's just plagiarizing because he 's not funny enough to come up with descent material . needless to say i was not laughing while listening to this cd and it was n't because i find carlos to mean spirited , or crass , or politically incorrect ; it 's because everything he talks about that 's supposed to be so gosh darn edgy has already been said by other people who are much more funny then he is . there is so much good stand up comedy out there people do n't waste your time and money on this joke stealing , self aggrandizing hack . 
music neg 272.txt okay , i used to think that nelly was a fun guy to listen to . he made songs that i used to enjoy , such as st. louis , e.i. , country grammar , and ride wit me off of the cd " country grammar " . then there were a good amount of other good songs on " nellyville " . and the good thing about these cds was that there were not too many skip tracks . but with nellyville , nelly brought us the obnoxious hot in herre , a single that got plenty of radio playtime , but i could not stand . this was not a good sign for the future . then comes these two new cds , sweat and suit . i have not listened to most of suit , but i have listened to most of this , and it is pure garbage . this is the same nelly who made hot in herre for sure . it has a bunch of catchy songs that live off the beats and the hook to drive them to get radio playtime . most of the tracks are much worse than hot in herre , if that is believable . i just want a decent cd from nelly , i am not expecting a classic . instead he drops the definition of materialistic garbage , and i shake my head in disgust . avoid this one and get one of his older cds , or a cd from a better artist 
camera pos 847.txt i bought this camera to replace a high mp sony pocket camera , and i am thrilled with it . the picture quality is absolutely gorgeous in any lighting . the red eye reduction really works , and gets rid of the red-eye before it ever gets to the memory card . it has a compact flash card memory system , which is great because big compact flash cards are much more afforadable than the other types of cards . this camera is better than my brother 's canon slr in terms of picture quality , but not nearly as bulky and cumbersome . the battery life is fantastic . one other nice feature is the screen at the top of the camera which lets you see how many pictures you have , and the batter life , mode , etc without opening the screen . the only drawbacks to this camera are ( 1 ) not the biggest zoom lens , but plenty enough for the typical photographer , ( 2 ) the screen could be bigger , but still acceptable , and ( 3 ) when you have the screen open , you ca n't use the viewfinder , which is a little annoying , but not a big deal . i have owned 4 other high-end digital cameras and this is by far the best one i have ever used . 
music pos 251.txt his singing style is very unique as are his lyrics . he has an eclectic mix of love songs , " we are the world " type songs and a few others on this album . he has the staying power for long the long term and i would love to see him mature throughout the years and watch to see where he goes . i loved streetcorner symphony ! it is so upbeat it can pull me out of whatever is ailing me . lonely no more is my theme song for right now in my life - needless to say i am replaying grooves in that one ! enjoy this album - i sure do 
music neg 240.txt first of all floetic was a brilliant album and after i heard superstar on the radio i thought flo'ology was going to be a classic too . i was wrong . this album lacks originality , its inferior to be precise . the first time i popped this cd into the system , i found myself being friends with the skip forward button . the length of the records is despicable this cd is not worth having....the only track that stands out for me is superstar and i think common is amazing 
music pos 994.txt toad the wet sprocket have to be one of the most underated bands of the ninties . they wrote some brilliant material and a lot of the songs on this album are very enjoyable . but , there are some strange ones that are do not appeal to my taste . my fave song is ' is it for me' . it is hard to classify them though . it sort of deep and meaningful ( at most times ) pop rock . other good tracks include walk on the ocean , pray your gods and i will not take...etc . i regard this album and ' dulcinea ' as their two best albums 
camera pos 179.txt wonderful camara , excellent characteristics , has an ample selection of accessories available and protected by one of you lead in manufacture of camaras and lenses 
music pos 904.txt i consider this the first album in the second half of the career of oasis . following the departure of bonehead and guigsy , this album is basically all the gallagher brothers . having learnt lessons from be here now , oasis have gone back to a more basic style of production as opposed to the over the top production from be here now . while the songs are not as good on here , they sound better and the whole album sounds as if it was n't as rushed . this signifies a big change of direction for the band , with little less ego 's and a more sober approach to their music , it is only the songwriting that lets this album down . my least favourite of all oasis albums , it features two really good songs , 6 mediocre and 2 dreadful ones . it is missing another two songs to make it complete , i think it should have included the b'sides ' lets all make believe ' and ' carry us all' . it still includes a few beatle-esque songs ' who feels love ' and ' roll it over ' and noel once again takes over lead vocal duties , this time on two tracks , ' where did it all go wrong ' and ' sunday morning call' . this is a very important album , it grounded the band again after their ego 's had taken off . this helped relaunch the career and because of it they sound at their best today 
camera neg 555.txt horrible camera . barely had it 2 months before it went on the fritz.drained the batteries within a few pictures.so not worth more then the cost of a disposable ! ! sorry kodak...but i 'll stick with the good ol ' reliable sony 
camera neg 998.txt this camcorder is terrible in just about every way : cons : - unacceptably blurry video ; the specs say it records at 640x480 , but it looks more like 320x240 ( if that ! ) blown up to vga . - noticeable aura around any dark shape on a lighter background . - awful light sensitivity ; forget about recording indoors- -no matter how brightly the room is lit , faces will come out too dark . the built-in led 's do n't help much ( and not at all at distances over 4 feet from the subject ) . - noisy zoom that gets picked up loud and clear by the microphone . - zooming goes in irregular steps- -completely useless while recording . - video lags noticeably behind camera movement ; when image stabilization is turned on , the lag becomes so atrocious that you ca n't tell when to stop panning- -utterly useless ! - when using av-in and av-out cables , the firmware has frozen on me a couple of times ; the only way to reset the camera was to remove the battery . - video encoding ( through the av-in cable ) produces an unacceptably noisy and undersaturated result . - the lcd display has a very narrow viewing angle ; anything more than about 10% and you ca n't make out a thing . - still photos taken at the native 5mp resolution come out strangely grainy and uneven- -something like a " sharpen " effect gone wrong . i can get better looking pictures with my 2mp canon powershot a40 camera . - the manual recommends keeping the camera motionless for 2-3 seconds after snapping a picture ( that 's on top of the 3-4 seconds it takes the thing to focus before it snaps ) ; but you ca n't keep the subject from moving , folks ! welcome to the psychedelic land of image trails.. . - flash photos come out with wildly different color balance depending on the color of the background . - the manual is a sorry affair- -only 17 pages long and does n't go much beyond identifying external controls and menu options . - i could go on and on , but i 'll stop now , as you probably get the picture.. . pros : - the camera body seems sturdily built ; the controls also have a sturdy feel to them , as do the battery and the usb port covers . hmm.. . it 's the only nice thing i can think to say about it . maybe a child ( think pre-teen ) could find this " camcorder " exciting as a toy , but i do n't see how it can be enough even for an undemanding person looking to capture occasional life 's moments on video 
music pos 861.txt this is part 2 of a set titled say it right . the cd has a blue and white style vs. the part 1 that has a yellow and white style on disc and cover . also in a slim-line jewel case with the title track , non-album track , but an added dance remix plus video . if you enjoyed the first 2-track cd then this is a must . dance lovers will definitely find this to be a totally spectacular production . say it right [radio edit] has the catchy dance beats , nice vocals , excellent drums , and chorus . the lyrics are fun to sing along and strong in meaning . apparently , it 's about not giving a lover power to control , destroy , or make you loose sleep . the melody has great rhythm , chorus , dance styles , and energetic beats . " you do n't mean nothing at all to me " is repeated showing a strong message that life does n't end with someone who is n't right . what i wanted brings nelly to a slower tempo displaying depth of emotion . it 's a slow ballad with true sincerity and humility . it 's about going for something you wanted but never got . the outcome does n't matter because the reality is you gave it your all . as she sings about her dream and what she wanted it 's apparent love can be hard to let go yet comforting to do so . the melody is soothing , pleasant in sound , and refreshing for the soul . say it right [peter rauhofer remix part 1] is a hot club remix sure to get you dancing off your feet . the song takes a dive to faster paced trance like effects , different introduction , pumping jamming dance styles with techno flairs , up and down tempos as well as plenty of percussion and synthesizers . straying from the original song the vocals are still vastly heard yet filled with echoes , swirls of sounds , and much club ambiance . it 's dreamy , fantasy filled , and definitely highly paced for the dance floor . if anything is certain it is this : the remix in this cd is much better than many of her past singles . there is true dj styles incorporation more instrumentations , effects , and vast production much more geared to club hoppers and dance fans . quite sticky , infectious , and groove like this remix will get you dancing up a storm feeling like wanting to shake your body non-stop . club lovers do n't pass this out . nelly 's vocals are echoed often and electronic-a effects are vastly hard . say it right video [enhanced cd] is the video many have already seen as timbaland and nelly dance face to face and get very close as the message behind the music is reinforced . this is an excellent video with much dance styles , highly energetic beats , and flairs for control and getting the message across . overall , from all of nelly 's singles i find this to be on the top of my favorite . the combination of 2 highly emotional yet different songs plus a dance track and video makes this remarkable . definitely buy this if you are a nelly fan , club hopper , or a lover of music to enjoy for the depth of emotion , different styles displayed , and the themes . it 's definitely a top sensation . before it sells out be sure to buy it . the part 1 is also an excellent addition for those days you do n't want to listen to the remix . this is highly recommended for sure ! 
music neg 283.txt i remember listening to this years ago , and i thought i would add this to my cd library , now i know why it has been years sense i 've listened to it , , very sqeaky , dull , slow paced stuff , bob segar makes this stuff sound like tin foil. . 
music pos 894.txt i borrowed this cd from a public library , having liked the track " crazy life " on the empire records soundtrack , and i was immediately blown away by how consistently good coil is the whole way through . it is their most mature album , full of gentle emotion and idealism , and puts the listener in a good mood . glen phillip 's voice is unique , confident , and beautiful . i fell in love immediately with " rings " and " dam would break " . the haunting and beautiful harmonies captivate . " little buddha " is so different but so good as well . after i got coil , i bought two of toad 's older albums : fear and dulcinea . both are really good , but something keeps drawing me back to coil . it is achingly beautiful , vibrant , thoughtful , and pleasurable . it is hearing toad at their best . 
camera neg 183.txt the powershot a520 on switch stopped working right after i started using the camera 
music pos 656.txt miss saigon is my favorite all-time musical ! i was hesitant when buying this recording because in my mind lea salonga is and always will be kim ! but i was pleasantly surprised . joanna ampil as kim holds her own . while she does n't have the vocal range of lea , she has a beautiful , crisp voice which she uses to emote the emotional turmoil of kim . she expresses herself in a way that makes you feel her love , pain and anguish and in turn she makes this part her own . the rest of the cast is superb ( especially the amazing ruthie henshall as ellen ) but make no mistake , this show belongs to ampil ! i also fell in love with some of the material left out of the lcr . there a beautiful bridges and songs which enrich the story . " back in town " stands out for me because of the gorgeous melodies . anyone who has fallen in love with the story of " miss saigon " will appreciate these added gems ! this cast recording is definitely worth a listen ! 
music neg 645.txt this is what you want ( 1983 ) was a terrible album from john lydon and martin atkins . after an rift between keith levene and john lydon occured during the recording of the demo tracks , atkins and lydon ran keith off and he quit the band . instead of keeping him on the finished tracks , atkins and lydon removed levene and pete jones ( the band 's studio bassist ) from the audio tracks and re-recorded them with members from their holiday inn band ( lydon hired members from a covers band who performed at a new jersey holiday inn ) . the new tracks and horrible . all of the guitar riffs and rhythm section that were originally recorded for the future album were erased . noise and other unwelcomed sounds were added to the tracks . the original tracks were far superior ( even in their basic state ) to what was released . to hear them you 'll have to find the commercial zone lp . the failure of this disc and the bickering between atkins and lydon would cause the band to become a solo project for the former anarchy king . not recommended 
music pos 512.txt we really liked the cd of music from the sound track of the movie , elf. it was what we expected and we appreciated getting it promptly since it is christmas music and we we able to enjoy it all through the holiday season . 
music neg 736.txt so far , so good...so what ! ( in it 's origional form ) used to conjure feeling . the remastered edition sounds like a group of studio musicians tried to remake the album and just did n't quite hit the nail on the head . if you bought this album on cassette when it came out in the late 80s , get your hands on that version . 
music neg 767.txt well , ok , mehldau 's arrangements are n't bad...he does a great version of " paranoid android " but otherwise...where 's the energy ? there 's really not a whole lot of excitement or energy in this album , and i do understand this as being a more laid back , mellowed-out album...but it is still possible to be more exciting , energetic , or emotional in this style . all three of these things are pretty much absent from this cd which ends up making it dull . :yawn 
music pos 979.txt " the guitars are n't loud enough , and neither is the bass for that matter " which is so true , but it 's still a great album . seeing them live , makes up for this cd no doubt . stand out songs : -the city sleeps in flames -the world as we know it -just a taste -my darkest hour -empty glasses -the only medicine ' my darkest hour ' & ' empty glasses ' are my favorites . i know those songs by heart 
camera pos 280.txt i wanted to buy a compact slim d-camera . those with larger zoom are quite bulky , you ca n't carry around all the time . i think a slim camera is a better choice . i slip into my pocket while wondering around and come across something nice and take a picture of it . you ca n't do it with a huge camera . after i made up mind about a slim camera , my choices were either casio exilim or sony dscw series . casio exilims are very sexy . they have a lot of mode scenes . they also function as voice recorder . you can take pictures of book pages etc. they have anti-shake capability which is said to reduce blurred images . i was almost buying a casio exilim . being a diligent person i wanted to search more and more . i found out that the so-called anti-shake feature is a bogus . many people found it useless . that was a good reason to choose casio . then i found the picture quality of exilim is not really good.i found some pictures taken with exilim . they were soft , not crisp colors . search the web reviews made by photo professionals . casio exilim is rated significantly less than sony in picture quality . with iso 200 noise was still detectable in most reviews . those same reviewers however found sony dscw doing a better job . there was no noise with iso 400 which means even in lower light condition sony did a better job ( less granularity in pictures with low light ) . big difference ! . one feature of sony that made it very attractive was its strong macro . it is 0.74 inch which means you can bring your camera 0.74 inch ( 2 mm ) close to an object ( say a bug ) and still take a brilliant picture of it . now comparison of exilim and sony to summarize : casio exilim anti-shake ( it 's a bogus ) slim lower macro ( 2.5 inches ) lower picture quality ( detectable noise at iso 200 ) a lot of scene modes quick shutter sony dscw series slim ( in fact it is slimmer ) higher macro ( 0.74 inches ) higher picture quality ( no noise in iso 400 ) not a lot of scene modes quick shutter so.....i purchased a sony dscw 7 mp. i took lots of pictures . they are all brilliant , detailed and crisp , true colors . i tried macro and took pictures of bugs . you can see the hairs on the legs of bugs . absolutely no noise whatsoever , no blurry . it 's a marvel of technology . i took pictures of fireworks in july 4th using high iso setting . they came out brialliantly like professional pictures . it also uses a different kind of battery that you ca n't buy at your grocery which can leave you vulnerable . so you may wanna buy a spare one ( about 40 bucks ) . but you can always recharge it . and it lasts much much longer than aaa or nimh batteries . it was a perfect choice . i highly recommend it . 
camera pos 375.txt better than a photo album for showing off a series of pictures . buttons are fairly intuitive , instructions are understandable , and there 's nothing like being the " first kid on the block " with a new toy . getting all sorts of comments about my picture show 
camera neg 450.txt dont bother upgrading your power shot camera...just buy a better one . the zoom lens ads a whole 5 ft to the view before the pixels become a big issue 
camera pos 412.txt very easy to use . menuing is extremely intuitive . do n't forget to order spare disks , 30 mins goes by quick 
music neg 78.txt know here is man with absoultely no lyrical skills baby dont get with a wanksta good girl wants a gangsta what about girls just want normal people no way can anybody like slim thug everybody likes a pimp onli weird and freakish people do slim thug isnt a thug if he was he would be in jail studo gangsta gangst 
camera pos 772.txt i bought this camera for my girlfriend and she loves it . it has all the basic functions her older coolpix had abut more and they 're a bit more user friendly . pros : compact and easy to hold . i 've had a few other point and shoots and they feel like they are going to jump out of my hand . this one feels pretty good . cons : before buying i read the reviews and a few were stating that the focus was not everything it should be . i will agree . that is the cameras only real big down fall . though my girlfriend may not notice it so much , to me it 's a little more aparant . for the most part , overall i really like this little guy. . 
music neg 983.txt i 'm not exactly sure how to classify this , nor do i think it really deserves the time . how this album has garnered so many positive reviews is beyond me . my only guess is that some tired , pretentious teen on myspace raved over it and voila , the clique was born . now , i really wanted to like this and gave it numerous listens . but each time , it sounds more and more like these guys were just doing some busy work around the house , started humming some melodies and then recorded them . immature and pretty much unoriginal . and just because an album is labeled " concept " does n't automatically qualify it as a masterpiece . if you want a flawless concept album that actually has an interesting story just go and buy " the wall " . unless your circle of friends has threatened to emascualte you for not owning this , do n't bother with this bloat . 
camera neg 966.txt as an owner of the sony dcr-hc30 model dv handicam , i want to warn everyone about my horrible experience with this product line . design and feature-wise , these handicams are great . the problem is , they are built like junk . from the day i opened my box , i got a message that told me that the heads were dirty and needed to be cleaned . in retrospect , i should have returned it for a replacement then and there . but being a basically optimistic guy , i decided it just got dirty in transit , and i got a head cleaner and cleaned the heads . it worked fine for about 30 days - just about the amount of time in sony 's crappy labor warranty . and from that point forward , i have gotten dirty head messages constantly , which at first could be ` cleaned away , ' but now , even when the message is gone , problems persist . i often get bars across the screen during playback , and i have already determined that i have lost many a precious memory of my infant children . sony 's solution to this situation is their standard " flat rate " repair program , truly a bargain for $250 or so - more than half what i paid for the camera in the first place . and sony wonders why their brand value has all but disappeared ? they are just another electronics brand now , and one with sub-par quality and service at that . guess i 'll be buying samsungs or canons next time around . are you listening , sony ? 
camera neg 230.txt this one is a product of bad quality , the cap of the batteries to a few days i damage enough of light is needed in order that the sign meets slightly clear , product of bad quality i do not recommend it to him ( you , them ) and for quality the price must be low 
music pos 700.txt it all started when i was a little kid and my dad gave me this album ( he was n't a fan , he probably picked it up with a crate of used records . ) it was one of my first exposures to rock and roll . nearly 30 years later i still own the original vinyl ( the one that had the exploding fire extinguisher rooster album cover . ) i am glad to have it now on cd , the vinyl being about as scratched and pitted as can possibly be and still be remotely playable . i dissent the reviewers who praise ducann over crane , for really , it is after all vincent crane 's project ( crane , also organist for crazy world of arthur brown . ) a keyboard player myself i consider crane one of my biggest influences and i hold great admiration for his playing . ducann and hammond also deserve praise for their performances , but it should be painfully obvious who the star of an organ driven rock band is : um , the audience ... er , no the organist ! take a trip back in time and enjoy this classic work 
books pos 663.txt this is a great book for a piano student . it allows them to enjoy true music while learning how to play fairly easy pieces . these are n't little dittys made up to teach notes . it is classical music . beautiful dreamer by stephen foster , traumerei by robert schumann and the happy farmer by robert schumann are my favorite pieces . they are a joy to learn and play ! this music makes you want to practice . i also recommend my first book of christmas carols as well 
music pos 206.txt pete rock and c.l. smooth came out of no where with this classic in " 92 " . i was expecting the t-roy tribute to be the only highlight , but this joint was bangin ! the very underrated cl had the dope metaphors and complex lyrics . chocolate boy wonder had the legendary " horns " going on . the whole album is a banger . fav 's are pete 's sake , the basement ( pete 's cuz heavy d rips it ) , mecca and the soul brother , troy - they reminisce , straighten it out ( a kick in the balls for bootleggers ) , ghetto 's of the mind and skinz ( cl 's cuz grand puba steals the show on this one ) . eternally classic , rock on . 
music pos 67.txt i used to listen to a friend 's copy of the original " metal box " of ep 's , when it first came out . years later the " second edition " came out on lp 's for those of us who had n't sprung for the metal box before it sold out . eventually the second edition came out on this cd . so i finally could own a digital copy myself . pristine , audio quality at least as good as the original metal box in my opinion , if i remember correctly . you do need to listen to this . you do need to buy a copy and get other people to listen to this too 
music neg 228.txt just listening to the samples of this new remix of " gold:35th anniversary edition ~ the carpenters " i found it to be in my opinion sadly remixed very badly . certainly not a tribute to the excellent talent of karen carpenter and richard as well . i wonder what richard was thinking when he remixed these songs ? as another review noticed and i agree with , is the bass on some is so loud it almost drowns out the pure excellence of karen 's deep resounding truly perfect voice . this is not a cd you want to get if you really want to appreciate the true pure sound of the carpenters . the older cds ( if still in production or if you can find them used ) " carpenters classics 25th anniversary " a 2 cd disc 98:04 minute collection remastered digitally , is a much better pick . especially for those who remember the carpenters when karen was still alive and the original arrangements were nothing to mess with . the other cd 's worth finding of the carpendters especially if you like the talent of karen 's deep resounding perfect voice , would be the cd " voice of the heart " this is a hautingly beautiful collection of love songs by karen who lets each song touch your heart and soul making you feel as if you were right there as she sings each song . the other one i would highly recommend , if christmas is your holiday , would be " carpenters christmas portrait " ... " special edition digital version....celebrating 70 continuious minutes of the seasons best.. . " with karen and richard . there are 34 carpenters songs as timeless as their sound , and 11 performances heard on this holiday cd for the first time . these cds are all the songs you fell in love with the first time you heard karen sing . these are the arrangements so beautifully done with her and richard . this new remix maybe ok if you have not been familiar with how wonderful the original songs the carpenter 's recorded and later remastered-not remixed - sounded . for this reason i give this 35th anniversary remix a 2 star rating . these older cds are how the carpenders really won over their fans , took the music industry by storm and gave a generation of music lovers reason to love the carpenders music and the sound they gave each song . talent that can still win over anyone who truly appreciates the timeless talents only the carpenters could deliver . as i more or less said in my title for this review and taken from an old saying " if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ! " or in this case do n't remix it ! 
music pos 334.txt this album is a great representation of what spoon is about . great music along with fantasticly written lyrics provide a feeling of sheer uphoria to one 's ears . spoons sound is somewhat like cake but different in ways as well . they are a very good band that should be getting more cred than what they are getting . some of my faves on this cd include mathematical mind , the two sides of monsieur valentine , sister jack and i turn my camera on . i would strongly recommend this cd to anyone that like alternative rock . definately money well spent 
camera neg 253.txt great features , right ? i just returned it after very disappointing results . here are just a few issues : 1. if you use a tripod ( and you will need to ) , you ca n't plug in the ac adapter to save on the short battery life , because mounting it on to a tripod covers the access to the ac connection . 2. battery life is very short . 3. if you want to protect the lens , you will need to buy the lens adapter and then buy a protective lens . 4. you ca n't take still photos with the flash if you are using the lens adapter because the adapter casts a shadow from the flash onto your pictures . 5. the automatic settings are horrible . the auto focus , auto white balance , auto anything will give you the worst results if shooting indoors . 6. you cannot adjust the manual focus or anything else once you begin recording . 7. quality is very poor when recording indoors without an enormous amount light . save your money . buy a camera with better features . i am waiting for the panasonic hdc-sd1 due in march 
music neg 655.txt all of the songs are boring . i hate them . they are slow and boring and they make you want to fall asleep 
camera neg 780.txt poor and slow focus and flash . thought nikon had a good name.......wrong if you like this camera it must be you first digital 
music pos 426.txt i have followed the enigma project for a long time , and have n't found myself disappointed with a single release thus far . ( that is , considering i am reviewing an older album . ) ' the cross of changes , ' the second chapter in the enigma project , offers philosophical insight into micheal crtu 's personal beliefs , in the form of an ' enigmatic ' symphony of soft composition and chanson . while each album seems to hold it 's own unique interpretation of life , i believe the purpose of this album is to inspire love , peace and wholeness within its listeners . the lyrical value of ' the cross of changes ' seems to surpass that of its instrumental quality , which is , at times , rather poor in comparison to some of micheal 's other works . however , the lyrics are reassuring and inspiring , none-the-less , and make the entire experience worthwhile . buyers who are curious about enigma probably should n't start with this album , as it seems to be one of those things you appreciate only after hearing some of the latter releases . ( in my case , at least . ) the first album i purchased was ' love , sensuality , devotion ' ( the greatest hits album ) - - a good start , considering you will get a fair idea of what enigma is all about . by the way , i am curious about track number 2 - - everytime i listen to it , i faintly hear sandra chanting " open your heart , and push the limits.. . " in the background , though it could just be my imagination . it 's strange that i mention that , because ' push the limits ' was released after this album 
music neg 320.txt with 2 cds of endless repeated chords , they do n't have much to say 
music pos 420.txt coltranes recordings with his classic quartet of ' 61-5 varied between very good and stunning . coltrane fans may want to get the impulse ! box set instead though ( which includes this cd and the other works of the quartet 
camera pos 128.txt this camera does all that canon says it does . fantastic pictures . great flexibility for manual control or simple point-and-shoot use . i did a lot of research before buying , and i could not be happier with the canon g6 
books neg 360.txt this novel comes off like a high schooler wanting to write about the movie and music industries . in between the entertainment biz cliches , the author can only think to put various assination hits . some of the characters are interesting but not believable , and they certainly ca n't make up for the braindead plot . read some of his other novels and skip this one 
camera neg 864.txt if you want a quality product , this ai n't it . the dreaded " remove the cassette " error is true and in full force . do n't take my word for it , search the net and find the hundreds , upon thousands of unhappy consumers who purchased this piece of junk and discovered it the hard way . i highly suggest the panasonic ag-dvx100. it costs a bit more , but well worth it . before reading other reviews , make sure that they are comparing the gl-2 to another cam , like tony l . shores . he compares the canon gl-piece-of-junk-2 to the sony hdr-fx1. sure , the sony is much better , but it is also a high-definition cam . if you want hd , check out the panasonic ag-hvx200. do your research , read the reviews 
camera pos 20.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them 
music neg 792.txt once again , the geniuses at universal have failed to give fans a decent collection ! although the single disc very best of released in 2005 provided a fine and simplistic overview of robert palmer 's career , it omitted a few " must have " songs in favour of live material ( making for a 90% ok collection ) . earlier anthologies also suffered invariably from " redo " syndrome : the artist redoing a vocal track here , a drum mix there , re-recording entire songs elsewhere . this collection 's no different . in fact , there are many " remixed " and " redone " and " alternate vocal " mixes present ( something the very best of album avoided altogether , much to its credit ) . here , insult is further added to injury with poor song sequencing . indeed , the classic and sequenced " sailing shoes / hey julia / sneaking sally through the alley " trilogy that marked the beginning of palmer 's breakthrough album is present , but the songs have been scattered apart from one another . thereby pondering the question : what were they thinking ? why was this done in this manner ? what do fans really want ? a 2 disc set that features the original material ( remastered , yes , but not remixed in any way , shape or form ) and a proper chronological sequence . done in this manner , such a set would properly honour one of popdom 's most memorable and talented individuals . what gold has done showed that compilers went through a rock encyclopedia , took the right batch of songs , but mish-mashed them in a half-cobbled manner . this collection does no one any favours . stick to very best of until another bright light at universal tries their hand at compiling a decent collection . that said , the way the music biz is these days , do n't count on it . 
camera pos 853.txt this seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer . basically it 's the shape of an open box that slides firmly onto the flash . it is small and sturdy enough to stash in your camera bag without worrying about damage . when used the light disperses more evenly and is less harsh on the subject being photographed . the white box is for general use . also available are the green omni-bounce for florescent lighting and the gold omni-bounce for a warming effect . pros : inexpensive solution for better flash photography . a quality product that works . cons : non 
camera pos 593.txt i had to decide between this camera and a panasonic . we trust the sony brand a little more , so we went with the sony . we were looking for an easy-to-use camera that we could just pick up and record our daughter...nothing professional but good enough quality to enjoy years later . i also wanted a camera that could take still photos so we would n't need both a digital camera and a camcorder when we take vacations . here 's what i think so far : great camcorder to do exactly what we want - - picture looks great inside and out , very easy to use , and small enough to carry along almost anywhere . still photos are not fantastic ( only 3mp ) , but good enough for me . color and resolution are acceptable . not easy to understand the lcd touch menus , but you can configure the buttons once you figure out which buttons you will use the most . i got the bare minimums for accessories...bought a 1gb memory card ( memory stick duo pro ) ...glad i did this since i will be taking stills and short video clips to email to the grandparents . also got a carrying case , dv tapes , and an extra np-fp71 battery . i 'll be purchasing a firewire cable soon ( i 'm sure you 've heard , the usb cable is inadequate for downloading video ) . handycam station does n't really bother me that much , but i can see what the fuss is about . all things considered , i 'm extremely happy with my purchase . i think this is a perfect camera for a first-time camcorder buyer who needs an easy button ( there 's one on the side of the camera ) . a little more expensive than some of the others , but the price is dropping . best of luck ! 
music pos 498.txt this is a great collection of the many " atom bomb " songs that are in movies such as " atomic cafe " , dr. strangelove , and other films of the genre . i highly recommend this to anyone who collects " bomb " memorabilia 
camera neg 34.txt im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us 
camera neg 279.txt i purchased this along with a sony dcrhc21. this carry case was listed as an accesory so i expected it to be appropriately sized ( as other sony cases i 've purchased fit like a glove ) . this case is entirely too large to hold a minidv camcorder . the camcorder rattles around inside it . if you have extra attachments and lenses maybe you might need this one . otherwise i suggest you look at the product specifications , note the dimensions and then look at your camcorder 's size . 
music pos 154.txt ah , yes , it 's nirvana 's " nevermind " cd , released in 1991. i listen to all 80 's pop-metal , or hair metal ( whitesnake , winger , van halen , y&t , dokken ) i could go on forever on 80 's bands . ( of course there is rick springfield , and john cougar mellencamp ) . i am a true rocker here , i know all the true bands out there , i know everything about them . i have reasons for this . but here 's the bottom line . nirvana was a breakthough along with soundgarden and pearl jam back in the early 90's . millions of people bought those cds . and yes , there were hair bands still alive back then , like poison , and firehouse , etc. firehouse and poison had alot of success , eventhough it was n't the 80 's anymore . as i can see , alot of my fellow rockers do n't really like nirvana , or pearl jam , or soundgarden . to be completely honest , i like their music , i just do n't prefer the music , because i do n't like the hard sound . i really like the glam-hair band style . people say : " nirvana and those other grunge bands killed glam-metal " . yes , i agree that they killed the 80 's hair bands , but it 's not necessarly their fault . it 's a mix between the bands , and the people listenting to the music . because of grundge music , today 's music is quite horrifying , with emo and other types of music that would 've been a nightmare back in those days . nirvana has a great cd here , but i just do n't prefer it . if you are a real rocker , you 'll listen to all the types of music back then . do n't judge unless you have actually heard it , because you may actually like it . to all rockers - do n't listen to modern music . it 's poisoning our people , and no one really understands the true meaning of " the guitar " in today 's music . most of you will understand what i mean , so listen to the classics . classic rock , and hair bands forever , and even grunge . keep the classic alive . ~the sicilian axe ma 
camera neg 297.txt the product advertisement is misleading or incomplete ( no picture of the actual contents ) . the following quote is from fuji mall : " ac adapter : charge your batteries at home or around the world with the travel adapters . " what it fails to mention is that the charger is an external charger only , and you cannot power the camera or charge batteries while in the camera . i was looking for an ac adapter that i can power the camera ( and charge it 's batteries inside the camera ) . the nimh cells are not the 2500 ma / hr rating that comes with the e900 camera ( they are 2000 ma / hr , but this was noted in the product specifications ) . i teach a photography class and needed an ac adapter to power each camera used during the class while demonstrating . this product does not meet this criteria . it can however charge up to 4-aa batteries at a time , and includes an auto adapter which is handy . case is bulky , not small enough to tote an e900 conveniently when not bringing the charger equipment 
music neg 32.txt oh , this is pure adult garbage all right . i have never heard a more disguisting piece of music then this , then again the movie was garbage also 
music pos 317.txt i love every track on ne-yo 's cd " in my own words ! " next let me thank ne-yo for bringing true r&b back to the industry ! i dont consider songs about cheating on your bf / gf / husband / wife r&b . r&b is supposed to be about love - thats why people call them slow love songs . and from 2001 - 2005 new slow love songs did n't exist . i ended up listenin to the same songs from da 90 's over and over until i got so tired of them , and was fortunate to be lucky enough for my radio station ( that plays mostly rap : a genre of music i dont like ) to play " so sick " by ne-yo . it was a great song . this is literally the first and only r&b album that i never have the urge to use the fast forward feature to get to the next song ! ne-yo 's lyrics are strictly romantic and sweet too ! he is a lyrical genius . his voice is soothing and melodic . most r&b albums obviously have rap tracks or rushed r&b songs as filler to probably meet the deadline or get the cd out as fast as possible and reducing the enjoyability of the cd , but this album has all songs that are great . all of the tracks on this album are great , but here are the ones that are superb : 1. so sick - 9 / 10 ( would be a 10 if it was n't played over and over and with so many different versions . although i can still listen to it over and over 2. when you 're mad - 9 / 10 ( for those guys who like the look on girls faces when they get mad . maybe for michelle rodriguez fans . : ) ) 3. get down like that 10 / 10 ( both versions ) ( i call it " dont get down like that " ) ( this song is for the guys that are completely faithful like me ) ( if you 're not a player , and proud of being faithful , this is da song for you ) 4. sexy love - 10 / 10 ( great song . um hmmm. . what can i say about this one about its lyrics ? .... oh yes... . this song is for the guys who have a girl and when she touches them , it just feels like... . magic . ) this is da only cd dat ever deserved 5 stars by me , the only reason i gave other r&b albums 5 stars is cuz i took into consideration : there was no r&b album that existed that had nothing but good tracks , and most had poorly done upbeat song 
music pos 684.txt excellent 24 track compilation of this surperb psychedelic dutch band . each tune was a single sometime between 1965-69. these guys are not to be confused with a u.s. band from the same era of the same name . cuts that make this cd a true keeper are " sun 's going down " , the tripping " feel like i wanted to cry " , " keep on trying " , the familiar sounding " touch " and " ballad of john b " . this is yet another band i 've heard at least one or two tracks on the rhino release of ' original artyfacts : nuggets ii ' 4-cd box set.should appeal to fans of pretty things , q65 , early beatles , creation and the action.a must-have 
camera pos 169.txt i wish i 'd bought this a loooong time ago ! it is so helpful , esp . with macro shots . highly recommend 
music pos 552.txt undoubtedly , marnie belongs to the top list of bernard herrmann 's best film scores , a wonderful musical image of alfred hitchcock 's underrated movie . written for small ensemble ( strings , woods , harp and horns ) herrmann gives the music a wonderfully flowing mood , tasteful and delighted along with the dark characteristics in every second bar that herrmann so masterful handles in all his works for hitch . joel mcneely 's reading is simply stunning as ever , so is the performance , but i just do n't like the overall acoustics on these varse rerecordings with the large hall reverb giving the orchestra no room for details . they simply are overheard in this muffled sound . this is far from ideal for recording a film score and i bet herrmann would not have liked this ! but , it 's a great , great score 
camera neg 166.txt i have had this camera since jan ' 05 and have so far taken approximately 10 , 000 shots while on trips and at weddings . do n't expect much from it and you will be happy . as an entry level dslr it does what it 's supposed to do in ideal conditions . i find it 's strength is in taking people photographs in bright light , provided that they are not moving . cons : in landscape photography this camera is lacking - both due to inadequate megapixels and it 's inability to capture the natural blues and greens very well . battery dies fast . the battery i got with it hardly lasts a whole day of shooting , especially when shooting in raw mode . i have yet to fill up a 1gig card when shooting in raw mode ( approx 150 shots ) before the battery dies . surprisingly when shooting jpegs , i get more shots per charge ( over 300 ) but hardly enough to last a day . i cannot tell you the number of times the battery has died on me while i was out on a hike . so i always carry a backup film camera ( my trusty elan 7 ) . the viewfinder is very dim . when i look through my elan 7 and then through the 300d , it is painfully obvious how dark the image is through the 300d 's viewfinder . in indoor situations with low light this becomes a handicap , especially when having to resort to manual focus . autofocus in low light for the 300d is terrible . when shooting indoors , the autofocus hunts and ends up focusing on something behind your intended subject . i have lots of beautiful photos of walls and sconces in the background in sharp focus while the people standing in front in the middle of the frame are an out of focus blur . this is despite having a 420ex flash on my camera that uses an infrared beam to assist with the focus . the 420ex flash is supposed to " talk " to the camera and adjust the power in order to ensure the subjects are not over or under exposed . however , with the 300d , this is a crap shoot at best and many of my indoor shots are over / under exposed . after about five months , the shutter button started sticking . i would click it and then it would remain depressed . the shutter button would only pop back up after i jiggled it a little . another annoying thing about the camera is that the settings are displayed on the rear of the camera and not on the top beside the shutter button . and since there is only one thumbwheel , it is not easy to change aperature and shutter speed . for example , if you use the thumbwheel to change the aperature , then to change the shutter speed you would have to press another button while at the same time turning the thumbwheel . when you take thousands of shots over the life of the camera , this is a real annoyance . so would i recommend this camera : if you are a casual point and shoot person , it 's an affordable entry into dslrs that produces decent photos . but if you plan on shooting a lot indoors or want to take landscape photographs that can actually convey the colors accurately , look elsewhere 
camera pos 471.txt a little background first.. . this was an upgrade camera for me , just over a year ago . i was in 35mm format for over 20 years . i used a pentax k1000 body and several different lenses , tele-converters and filters . at work , i 've had 4 years experience with a fuji fine pix 2mp " point-and-shoot " . it was provided by my work and was very durable ( it had to be , as i am in construction engineering ) . when i decided to switch " personally " to all digital i was very cautious . i first looked for pic quality and durability . from an " advanced-amature " photographer 's point of view , this camera is great ! ! ! this camera never leaves my side . it travels with me everywhere i go . it is extremely durable as it is mounted to an " ultra-pod ii " and i carry it over my shoulder ( i do n't keep it in a bag ) . it provides me outstanding quality pohotgraphs ( close , far or fast : work or play ) at a very reasonable price . it takes reasonable video ( considering my 35mm took none at all ) . it is easy to use and learn ( even for an old 35mm guy ) . it is lightweight and power usage is not an issue ( nimh is the way to go ) . i take close to 20 , 000 pics a year for work and play . i am always experimenting with this camera and it 's limits . i am so pleased with this camera ( and the previous fuji i used ) that my next upgrade will be a fuji as well ( looking to 10mp ) . for the $$$ you ca n't go wrong 
music pos 938.txt i consider this to be one of the finest live coltrane recordings out there . it was also one of the first coltrane albums i picked up , and it was a fantastic gateway to some of his more abstract live recordings on followup releases like live at the village vanguard again and live in japan . this is much more similar to afro blue impressions which is another overlooked release . by this point in time , trane had already done some work with eric dolphy and his playing was growing in a much more abstract direction as we would hear on a love supreme just one year later . one of the reasons why this disc is overlooked is because elvin jones is replaced by roy haynes , while jones was serving some jail time . the absence of jones is noticeable but i still think this is worthy of five stars . the first 3 tracks are from the newport jazz festival and in addition to haynes and trane , we have the remaining quartet members , mccoy tyner ( piano ) and jimmy garrison ( bass ) . tyner is especially amazing on ' my favorite things ' which i consider the best version of that piece in trane 's entire catalogue . i consider it to be a bridge to some of his later recordings . this is because we get trane 's two sides . first of all there is great tone and lyricism in the first part of the piece . however , the song still goes on for 17 minutes and the interplay between tyner and haynes for much of it is amazing . rounding out the performance is billy eckstine 's ' i want to talk about you ' with a mesmerizing credenza which is a staple of trane 's technique , followed by a 15 minute version of ' impressions . ' again we hear trane 's two sides . on one hand we hear where he is coming from . which is the confines of other jazz gods like miles davis and thelonius monk . on the the other hand we can see where he is going , which is a much more abstract / free-jazz approach . once you can begin to understand trane 's more abstract side , you will find later recordings less challenging , such as interstellar space , meditations , or a love supreme . in addition to the three newport recordings , there is an extra track from november of 1961 from the village vanguard . ' chasin ' another trane ' is played by haynes and trane as well as dolphy on alto sax and reggie workman on bass . the presence of dolphy and the removal of piano makes this the most avant-garde piece on the record , almost reminiscent of early ornette coleman . coltrane really cooks on this record , and the sound quality is also pretty decent . it 's not as crystal clear as his carnegie hall concert with monk , but nevertheless , i consider it a great place to start for trane fans who are reluctant to embrace his later music . 
music neg 866.txt very very dissapointed . e-40 raps too quick , he is too hard to understand and he sounds like a trick 
music pos 841.txt what has happened to the song " lives in the balance " on this set ? if you go to his website it sounds really great ! ! ! on this set it sounds awfull ! ! it sounds as if he was in a really big hurry to get the song over with . the packaging if you could call it that is really lame . foam dots for holders ? what do you do when those fall off ? i suppose you put the cd 's in jewel cases or else they will get really scratched up . not to mention it is missing some of his greatest work ! true you do get alot of songs for the money but , there should have been more time planning this set out before actually producing it . if you own an i-pod i suggest you go to apples i-tunes web page and import the great songs this set is missing as well as the others you really like off of this set and you will probably have spent the same amount of money if not less 
software pos 21.txt previously i owned colorvision 's spyder2 program and was quite satisfied with it . it did not include , however , a program for correcting the printer 's color rendition . the new spyder2pro includes printfix plus . this along with the monitor correction spyder2pro works very effectively . i am very happy with the program . for the price it is a great addition to photoshop editing . the spyder program allows the monitor and printer to show a print that reflects what the user has taken in his digital camera . i have not found any particular negatives about the program . in the past i have used their tech service for fine tuning the program . they were very responsive and helpful . 
music neg 547.txt john coltrane was villified most of his creative life for playing at the edge of a world he was helping to redefine . wynton and the lcjo are in effect the death of creative musicians like coltrane , or most of the truly creative jazz scene for that matter . wynton is establishing himself as " the face of jazz " . a market oriented phenomenon which freezes some of the elements making jazz without ever capturing the true essence of the music . by telling us ( and make no mistake , these guys do.. . ) : " this is what jazz is " and trying to re-appropriate themselves the music of jazz giants such as john coltrane who , if he were alive , would not be given the time of day by these folks , wynton and his posses are raping what is true and beautiful in this music . the recording , since i must talk about it , features a set of crafty yet discomboluted arrangements merely mimicking what coltrane was , mostly empty of content , setting in motions soloists who sound more like " jazz puppets " than anything remotely close to what coltrane was striving for ( notable exception : ted nash ! ) . you do not need this record . wynton and the lcjo does not need your money ; spend it on musicians who put their life and their art on the edge , the way coltrane did 
music neg 117.txt with perverse , mike edwards set out to prove that jesus jones was more than a ` sunny , breezy pop band ' , what he ended up proving was that if they were n't no one was interested . sad to say , but pop hooks were what people expected from jj , and actually there are some here , but they are smothered by industrial / techno gook . stick with doubt , that 's where jj peaked , even if some claimed they had ` sold out' . here they are pushing the boundaries , but that does n't always make for a great listening experience 
camera pos 655.txt if you use the viewfinder instead of the lcd field , it does not appear on the lcd , you can only see it through the viewfinder . this is different from previous models . minor annoyance . the quality of the videos was surprisingly good , but it saves them in the quicktime .mov format . mov is not my favorite format , but perhaps others will not be bothered by this . although i had heard that the color on kodaks is not natural , i have found it to be excellent . the overall quality of the pictures is good . for the price , i think this is a very good value and adequate for most casual photographers . 
dvd neg 67.txt leeches is a terrible movie . dude , i have never seen anything so gay in my whole life ( except the director 's other film speed demon ) . when the guys were less clothes than the gals , thats not a good sign . the video shelves at a local corporate video rental store carry tons of this director 's work . they 're all filled with loads of homoeroticism . women are ugly and they were single piece bathing suits whilst the guys wear banana hammocks . the ' roided up leeches enter their " male " victims through anal orrifices . after watching about a half hour of this mess i had to turn it off . why does this guy fool people into renting these movies . i do n't mind gay subtext in films but when it takes over the film and hits you over the head with it then it 's time to draw the line . no hetro relationships in this one . just the director molesting his male stars with his camera . horrible stuff , stay away from david decoteau 's work and his fifty different aliases ( unless you know what you 're in for ) 
camera pos 295.txt works as great as orignal battery . you will never know the difference except that is a lot cheaper ! 
music pos 296.txt every thing he sings is perfect , i 've yet to find one song that does n't move me . this cd has some beauties . & quot ; daughter of mine&quot ; is priceless . & quot ; steal away&quot ; is very nice . & quot ; one small star&quot ; brings tears . this arrangement of & quot ; voyage&quot ; is probably the best i 've heard . his traditional songs ( & quot ; when you and i were young maggie&quot ; and & quot ; mary of argyle&quot ; ) are beautiful . i ca n't find anything on this cd i could n't listen to for hours . i truly love music and listen to it constantly . i find myself reaching for the mcdermott cd 's almost exclusively . i have them all , more please 
camera pos 9.txt this is one of the four cameras , the only digital camera , i used to learn portrait photography . the class was on how to take portraits not how to use the camera . i wanted to graduate from the point and shoot but had to consider my budget because i wanted an slr film camera also . i got the canon rebel ti packed with two lenses . it made sense to me to purchase a canon digital to interchange lenses . my original choice was the canon digital rebel , however , in my web search , i found the eos 10d for $750 with no catch . there were no required additional purchases scam when i called . this allowed me to spend the extra money i would have spent on the camera on accessories . since it 's digital , i am not shy about trying out the features . when i first got the camera , some of the photos were dark or very light . after tinkering around and learning what the sensor-indicators means i do n't get that anymore . the 10d is more camera than i need that i 'm sure i will have it for a long time . 
music neg 572.txt after two albums of wholly instrumental music , joe satriani apparently decided it was time to start singing . " flying in a blue dream " is the only satriani record with several ( six ) vocal cuts . so how are they ? well , satch 's voice is n't superb , but he does an ok job . the problem really is with the material- - it 's clear he 'd gotten used to writing pieces as guitar features . the only real exception to this in my assessment is frantic electric blues " big bad moon " - - the piece is blazing and explosive , the vocal is passable , and satriani is on fire . but pieces like " ride " , " the phone call " and " strange " are all pretty much forgettable ( well , " ride " is actually a bit too irritating to be forgettable.. . ) . the remainder of the material is a mix between exploratory ( and primarily acoustic ) pieces ( " the feeling " ) which are nice but largley filler and " surfing with the alien " styled instrumentals ( " one big rush " , " back to shalla-bal " ) . the exception is the chugging opener and title track , " flying in a blue dream " , which features satriani at his most lyrical as a guitarist . invariably , the album is a bit too weak for its own good- - it 's probably also a bit too long ( about 65 minutes ) and probably would have benefited from being trimmed down a bit . start with " surfing with the alien " , come back to this if you want more of the same 
music pos 862.txt if you like post modern lounge music , you will like the tracks on this disc . 
dvd pos 970.txt first let me start off by saying this . ken sushi volume 1 is unquestionably the best video guide for making sushi . i have had a chance to see the other guides , and quite frankly they just do n't cut it . poor camera work , and even worse instruction should not be found in a sushi instructional video ( or any culinary instructional video for that matter ) . also , being taught by a sushi enthusiast rather than a professional sushi chef is not going to send a very good message to people who are really serious about learning how to make sushi properly ( people want to learn from someone experienced , not enthusiastic ) . finally we have a video that is taught by a professional in the sushi scene , and he really takes the time to lay out all the techniques he 's developed over the years , so that with a little practice ( and the benefit of not having to take the time ken did to trial and error his methods of perfect sushi creation ) i was actually able to make some really great sushi . the camera work is great ! no shakes or stutters , i did n't find myself distracted by the nuances of poor production quality . truthfully this video is done so well , you will just find yourself immersed in what ken is teaching ( it plays a lot like a chef martin yan instructional video ) . also it seems a lot of time was taken in pre production to really focus the instruction to a degree that it is thorough enough for someone familiar with sushi creation , yet developed enough so that someone completely new to the sushi experience can actually have a fair shot to making a wholesome , delicious dish . if you take the time to watch the video a few times , and practice along with it . you will make sushi good enough to eat , and present to your friends , family ( just utterly show off ) . i 'm just really glad i can finally say there is now a sushi instructional video that i feel was worth every penny of my purchase . if you want to really learn how to make sushi well , then ken sushi volume 1 will be your number one resource . the only negative thing i have to say is where the heck is volume two ? ? ? ? 
music neg 211.txt metallica never recovered from the death of cliff burton , as this album is prime evidence of . he helped to bring depth to the songs that is not present here . also , newstead only gets one song on this album , which is ironically the best song on the album . in the history of metallica , this album marks the transition from artistic song writing to commercial 
music pos 750.txt always loved this group....own several of their cd 's and this is by far my favorite . darryl hall 's phrasing of his songs are superb . 
camera neg 972.txt i 'm giving this a 2 stars only because my daughter also had this camera on her wish list . if not i would of been upset having recieved the wrong camera that i ordered........ . 
music pos 668.txt i felt compelled to write a review having read another written by someone who gave it one out of five stars . i felt it a grossly misleading and inaccurate review , so here i am.. . as a musician i could think of nothing more intimidating than attempting to cover a buckley song . their fan bases are fiercely loyal and protective of their material . so first things first i would like to congratulate the artists for their bravery . furthermore a quick glance down the list of performers will quell any suspicions that this is ' just another tribute record cashing in on someone else 's success ' , these are musicians that know what they 're doing . what struck me the most was the variety of voices on this disc ; you have the ethereal whisper of sufjan stevens , sweet folk harmonies of the magic numbers , the lazy drawl micah p . hinson . not only that , but these are great interpretations from the jeff & tim cannon . very inspired and innovative - a beautiful accordion riff on ' grace ' , an irish-jig inflected ' no man can find the war' ...these artists do not desire to replace jeff or tim , they 're merely reuniting us with what they left us - their music . 
camera neg 180.txt 1 year old.. . 3 e18 errors 2 battery erros shipped back for service 4 times ! search the net for e18 before you buy ! 
camera neg 412.txt we bought this camera thinking that it would be our do-all " eurocam " for an upcoming trip to europe . it promised a sufficient range of performance and features to easily meet our needs on such a trip . sadly , the camera is not up to filling this role . we will need to take another camera along with it . however , we will take the v705 for its wide-angle lens , the reason that we picked this model in the first place . it is this disparity between the advertised and actual capabilities of the camera which prompts me to contribute this review . the need for a true wide-angle lens is both a sufficient and a necessary condition for buying this camera . if you do not need a 23mm lens , or if you do not know if you need a 23mm lens , then you do not need this otherwise mediocre p&s ( point and shoot ) camera . good : fairly decent 23mm wide-angle lens ; the 23mm is the default lens ; rapid start-up time ; internal focus and zoom ; chromatic aberration well controlled ; can use 4gb cards ; freeze-frame and extract any video frame . mediocre : soft images ; perceptible shutter lag ; slow shot-to-shot times ; exposure compensation is easy , but steps are too small for digital , and is reset when camera turned off ; flash does not come close to covering the 23mm ; image numbering basically limited to 4 digits ; flimsy construction ; no manual controls ; no raw format ; no optical viewfinder ; histogram on display , but too small to be useful . bad : the absolute worst menu system to be found on a camera ; excessive and unadjustable jpeg compression ; poor battery life with very expensive external charger and spare battery ; unacceptable visual noise starting at asa-400 ; forced in-camera stitching of panoramic images , with inability to save the individual panoramic shots ; panoramic component images forced to 5mp ; overlays for panoramic and delete modes are so dark they obscure the underlying image ( even with display on ` bright ' ) ; mpeg-4 video compression gives very poor results . synopsis : if you need a 23mm lens in a point and shoot , this , and the older v570 , are the only choices . if most of your images are in bright light , the 7mp v705 gives better images . if most images will be in low light , the older , cheaper , 5mp v570 is the better choice . the camera seems very fragile . treat it gently and you will likely be happy with the wide-angle performance . if you chose this as your sole camera , you will likely be unhappy with your choice . the only reason to buy this camera is for the wide-angle lens . = = = = = some expanded comments = = = = = twenty-three mm wide-angle fixed-focus lens . this lens has almost decent optical quality ; though the camera 's processing still produces overly-compressed and soft images from it . on power-up the 23mm is the initially active lens , which is ideal for us . however , considering that this is truly a specialty lens , it would make more sense that the ` normal ' lens should be the default . best would be a menu setting to allow selection of the boot-up lens . better yet would be a camera with only the 23mm lens . the camera does have firmware wide-angle distortion correction . this works fairly well , at the cost of even more image softness , but even-so , barrel distortion is noticeable to a degree that is not present in actual 35mm-film camera wide-angle lenses of similar focal length . this in-camera correction can be turned off . doing so allows one to see the marginal native lens performance . however , being able to turn off distortion correction exemplifies for me how poorly thought out this camera is . the only people who would wish to do this are those who are exploring the artistic limits of the camera - and they would seem better served by the camera having such basics as : manual settings , a physically larger sensor chip , raw image files , or , at least , a choice of degree of jpeg compression . at the other end of the camera 's focal length the 114 / 117mm performance shows slightly below average image softness with average pincushion distortion . there are very few circumstances where one would want to use ` digital zoom ' , so , as with all digicams , the claimed maximum telephoto length is completely bogus . after reaching optical zoom limits , one is much better off doing any further ' zooming ' in an editing program . kodak 's advertised " 5x optical zoom " is , at best , misleading . actually , it is just flat out untrue . the camera has two lenses . the only lens that can be optically zoomed is the 39-114mm lens , which is not quite 3:1. the wide angle lens has a fixed focal length . ( note , in some places kodak claims 39-114 , in others 39-117 optical zoom . ) also misleading is the claimed " anti-blur technology . " as best i can tell from looking at the images , and at the exif metadata , all this actually means is that at some given shutter speed the camera boosts the asa . certainly there is no optical image stabilization technology in this camera . speaking of asa . this is an opportune time to address the camera 's incredibly poor menu system . it is byzantine : being both awkward and time consuming to use . to adduce , ` auto ' asa ranges from 50-200 , to set a faster ( or to lock in at a slower ) sensitivity rating requires going through multiple menu levels . to change from ` auto ' to the next fastest ( 400 ) requires 11 manipulations of 2 controls ! on either of the other two p&ss which we will be taking along it requires 4 pushes on 1 control . the menu system is next to unusable in the field . still on asa settings , the camera does have sensitivities up to asa / iso 1000 ( though the manual only documents asas up to 800 , 1000 is available on the camera ) . unless your shot is of a once-in-a-lifetime , will never-happen-again moment , then 200 is the max asa tolerable before noise in the shadows becomes annoying . at 400 the entire image suffers from noise and is not really useable for any print larger than 4x5 " . the previous version of this camera , v570 , had only 5mp , but the same sensor size . by increasing the pixel count , but not the physical size of the sensor , the new v705 camera actually has more low-light digital noise than its predecessor . this has happened with many of the current p&s cameras , as the makers advertise pixel count as a measure of image quality . my initial experience with low-light high asa use of this camera is that you might as well set the capture size to 3 mp , as the larger files have only marginally better printing capability because of the severe noise artifact . another approach to dealing with the sensor noise is to use one of the commercially available products which , when calibrated to the sensor in the camera , allows the subtraction of much of the internally generated noise . doing so does allow for semi-adequate 8x10 " prints at asa 800. if one really wants to get carried away , combining the preceding with any of the image stacking programs designed for astrophotography ( where dozens / hundreds / thousands of images are averaged together ) makes 8x10 's at asa 1000 doable . people willing to undertake these manipulations likely do not fit kodak 's target market . back to earth . the v705 's still-image quality is below average for this generation of 7mp p&s cameras . mostly i believe this is because of the overly aggressive jpeg compression , which is not adjustable ( e.g. ` best ' , ` good ' , etc ) . my guess is that a compression setting of 30-40 is being used . this results in small files , with a lot of compression artifact . the 7mp jpegs from this camera are about 1.2-1.5mb in size , those from another 7mp p&s i have are 5-6mb . my 6mp prosumer digital slr jpegs are 8-10mb . the more the compression , the worse the image . most cameras allow the user to pick the trade-off point . kodak picks it for you , and picks poorly . the v705 's video performance is very disappointing . it uses mpeg-4 compression , and at very aggressive compression settings . unless it is a video of your baby 's first steps , or aliens landing in the backyard , you will likely find it hard to watch . the total output datastream is about 0.5 mbs . compare this with a minidv tape video datastream of 25 mbs ( total , adding sound , error correction , and time codes , is 36 mbs ) . better to have stuck with mpeg-2 which would give less compression , but decent enough ( tv quality ) videos . that is the choice that most manufactures have made . as a result , the videos from my other p&ss have about a 2 mbs datastream , and so are of much better quality . the battery . kodak 's claim is 150 still images per charge . i am getting 100-120 , with minimal use of flash and the lcd on ` energy saver' . even 150 would be poor , compared with my other digital p&ss , where i expect at least 200 , and often get 250+ if i am at all careful with power-management . this camera has a proprietary ( and hard to remove ) 720 mah battery . my ( several ) other , p&ss have 790-1120 mah batteries , and , i suspect , more efficient processors . since we are only going to be using this camera for wide-angle , the battery will likely last most of a day . we have not bought an external charger and backup battery because the cost is about 25% the cost of the camera . though the body is of aluminum , the camera itself is overall fragile and i doubt will hold up more than a year or two . the battery and media doors do not appear to have been designed for actual repeated use ; there is no cover for the charge socket . the media door often dislodges open . truly , my belief is that kodak designed this camera with the thought that these doors would never be used : that the camera would spend its life simply being taken in and out of the ( not included in this model ) " easyshare " dock system . this would also explain the relatively large amount of built in memory , and the overly aggressive jpeg compression . shutter lag , the bte noire of digital cameras , is very evident with this model . i do not have any method of actually measuring the time between pressing the shutter , and the image being recorded . however , based on over 50 years of tripping shutters , it clearly varies , and i estimate is , at best 1 / 4 second , up to a bit over 1 / 2 second . in addition to the shutter lag , there is a perceptible lag in the lcd viewfinder screen showing what is in front of the lens . together this makes the capture of a fleeting moment , an active child at a particular instant , or a wary animal almost impossible . the shutter lag is much more evident than in same-generation / price p&s cameras from other makers . the accompanying ` manual ' is poorly organized , childishly written . " finish reading this book , so you can take and share your best pictures ! " at best , it was written for 8 year olds . the manual does make reference to a web-address where one can download the ` full manual ' , however the address given is incorrect . when eventually found , the manual is better than the one enclosed with the camera - in that it contains some information that one could not figure out oneself - but it also is written at no more than a fourth grade level . panoramics , one of the advertising points of the camera , are another disappointment . basically the way it works is that 2 or 3 images can be taken in ` panoramic mode ' , each subsequent shot is overlain by a thin strip of the preceding image , in order to allow alignment . as with most ` panoramic modes ' focus and exposure is locked on the first image . so far , this is all ok ; however , it rapidly goes downhill . first , the max image size of the individual shots is limited to 5 ( not 7 ) mp . next , the image overlay is so dark that , even with the lcd set at max brightness , it is difficult to see through the mask to align the elements . however , it gets worse . the images must be joined in-camera ! the individual images cannot be stored ! in-camera processing is very slow and very battery hungry . aligning the overlaps on a grainy 1.5x2 " lcd in the field gives , in spite of the camera 's best efforts , much poorer results than aligning them on a much bigger , and higher quality , computer display in the comfort and controlled lighting of your home . the best way to take panoramas with this camera is to use a lightmeter to determine exposure for each segment , and then simply take the appropriate series of images as 7mp single-stills , making exposure compensation adjustments based on your light-meter readings . of course , my smallest lightmeter is almost as large as this camera , so we will not be dragging it along . you can eyeball the needed ec close enough that should be able to match the exposures up in production . much better if the v705 allowed the individual images to be saved . reading back through this review , i see that it is mostly negative . this makes sense , for , as i disclosed at the beginning , it was my disappointment in this camera 's actual vs advertised capability which led me to write the review in the first place . likely i have said all that needs to be said . so i will just close by mentioning that the only reason we did not send the camera back is because of the wide-angle lens . except for this unique lens , the camera 's performance and ease of use is below that of similarly priced p&s cameras currently on the market . if you need a true wide-angle p&s , you need this camera . otherwise forget it 
camera neg 863.txt i had high hopes for this battery for my nikon camera . it promised more mah than the oem battery that came with the camera . unfortunately , it must be leaking electrons all over the place , since a charge in this model does not compare to the original . i would guess that the charge lasts half the life of the original nikon battery . the price was cheap and you get what you pay for . if you are going to purchase this one , get two since you 'll need to keep one charging while using the other . cheers 
camera neg 130.txt the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself 
music neg 74.txt this was not as good as i had hoped and half of it is too slow to listen to while i am working out but the rest is good . 
camera neg 540.txt i got for christmas , it was easy to use but only lasted 1 day then the screen does not turn on , , , stay away from this one ! 
camera neg 138.txt you got to have extremely steady hand , or camera stand to use this camaera . during my niece wedding , i put in a 2gb of memory and we were trigger happy , we must have took over couple hundred of pictures , however , i am very unhappy about the result . 3 out of 5 pictures are fuzzy , messy , out of focus . on the other hand , for the pictures that took a few mins to line up and with a very very steady hand , you got a great picture . size is good , weight is a bit on the heavy side for the size , but to some people that 's good quality 
music neg 158.txt i 've never been a fan of metallica . i like ride the lightening , master of puppets , and that 's it . that 's the extent of my enjoyment with their abilities . however , if there is one quality i 've always admired in metallica , it is their lyrics . they 've always had excellent lyrics in their songs , and that was what got me to keep buying albums . however , i ca n't credit them for any lyrics on this one . unfortunately , we 're dealing with a bunch of covers . some of the songs are pretty good . the only one i can say i really like is turn the page , though seger 's original version is leaps and bounds ahead of it . it 's got decent music , and the vocals are n't bad . metallica just could n't figure out how to honor a classic , and they occasionally sounded like james was trying to lift a thousand pounds while he sang , leading his voice to sound overly forced . other songs , like killing time , were not spared on this album . unlike with turn the page , metallica did n't even do a halfway decent job covering this . they destroyed a pretty good song . and to be honest , metallica 's guitarist just ca n't compete with sweet savage 's ( vivian campbell ? ? ) . tuesday 's gone was also destroyed . it was too slow and acoustic , but not in the good way it was in the skynyrd original . in this case , james ' voice was terrible . it sounded like he was bleeding the entire time and trying to ignore it . that is , at least , the effect i get from it . overall , if you 're a die hard fan , you wo n't like this . it just does n't have what metallica did have for songs back with ride the lightening and master of puppets . if you 're just looking for some metallica , you might as well get this . as long as you are just a small fan , and not a huge one . otherwise , this may come as a dissapointment 
music pos 445.txt this record is one of the best that has found its way out since the new millenium . i am partial to good songwriting and bill 's particular folk-country-alt-emotive sound . the tracks to me all over the place and take it from someone who has been there and back -it was well worth the trip 
camera neg 240.txt it worked fine the first week . then the focus stopped working . i sent it to repair . it worked well for a couple of weeks and then the focus stopped working . i sent it for repair for the second time . it worked well for a couple of weeks and then stopped working . also , it is impossible to contact the repair center or the customer relation center at sony ! ! ! they make you wait over an hour ! ! ! si if you want a camera for two of three weeks this is probably what you are looking for ! ! ! sony repair reference number : e3317596 
camera pos 233.txt excellent choice to make a great job . 
camera neg 397.txt i have an r717 camera . i bought the dock too . each one comes with a battery and the batteries look identical . hp labels both as an r07 battery but the l1812a has squared edges running logitudinally and this feature makes it very difficult to remove from the camera . the other battery is the l1812b and is identical in every way except its edges are rounded and that makes enough difference to allow it to easily slide out of the camera . i bought a " clone " battery ( not hp ) and its edges are rounded too . maybe hp could explain the difference . just thought you would like to know 
camera pos 336.txt canon makes a great underwater housing for a reasonable price . i purchased this for a recent trip to grand cayman and cozumel . i did n't go scuba diving on this trip , but i did take the camera snorkeling ( diving to depths ~20ft ) . it worked flawlessly and i got some pictures i was very happy with ! one thing i did not anticipate was the use the camera got out of the water . going from ac to the hot humid outdoors , my eos rebel fogged up ( condensation ) and even after 30 minutes i could n't take good pictures . with the sd110 in the uw housing , i just wipped the housing 's glass portal with a lens tissue after it had warmed up a couple of minutes and i was able to take clear pictures . the instructions are pretty good , but it took me a while to figure out how to take out the o-ring seal for cleaning / lubing . once i figured it out , it was n't so hard . the sd110 may be getting a little old , but it still takes decent pictures and even with the housing i do n't have so much money tied up in the system that i would be devestated if it was lost or stolen . i will probably upgrade to the sd550 or sd500 ( they both use the same batteries as the sd110 ) with the wp-dc80 or wp-dc70 housing at some time in the near future , but i will definitely keep the sd110 and wp-dc10 as backups 
camera neg 625.txt this is a good example of the kind of scope astronomers warn beginners against . the first red flag is the ridiculously high maximum magnification of over 700x . do you know what you will see at 700x in this scope ? nothing but a dim blur . note that the objective ( main ) lens is 60mm . all telescope optics have inherent limitations ; maximum useful magnification per millimeter of aperture is about 2x . therefore , with any attempt to use this scope at magnification of over 120-140x , increase in image size will be more than offset by breakdown , and that 's even assuming the quality of the objective lens is any good . the finder is useless , smaller than the bare minimum size of 6x30. finding anything but the moon will be time-consuming and frustrating . the low power 20mm eyepiece may or may not be usable on the scope , depending on its design and field of view . that the design information is not given in the ad is disturbing . and do n't even think of using the 4mm ( high power ) eyepiece or the barlow . i do not recommend equatorial mounts for beginners . their tracking properties are primarily for astrophotography , and for this they require careful setup . the equatorial mount on this scope is provided primarily as a marketing gimmick to impress nave buyers with its complex " scientific " appearance . in a way , it is hard to fault celestron for making and marketing this scope . their upper-tier instruments are quite good , but the big money appears to be made on mass market toys like this . in one sense the sale of these scopes subsidizes their good models . just make sure , gentle reader , to stay away from the toys . using an astronomical telescope is not like playing an mp3 file and but rather like playing a guitar . it is a learned skill . and you must do a lot of homework before you buy a telescope . buying without prior experience is like buying a car without knowing anything about driving . if you want to see the wonders of the sky , contact your local astronomy club and attend one of their star parties . the members love sharing their hobby and can set you straight as to how to get started . the best way is to learn the sky with the unaided eye and 10x50 binoculars ( decent ones are available on amazon ) , then graduate to something along the lines of a 150-200mm ( 6-8 " ) dobsonian ; celestron 's own 6 " starhopper can be found on amazon for under $290. for more information on buying telescopes , see my encyclopedic guide on amazon : " so you want to buy a telescope . 
music pos 271.txt this album is the foudation of modern hip hop...the format of the album the presence of rakim ....his image everything was new territory when this album came out in 86 ' all hip hop lovers should have this album especially people down south 
camera pos 22.txt i like using a tripod with my long zoom lens , and this device has really added to my hobby . the remote is perfect for taking pictures of birds in my birdbath and squirrels and other critters in my yard . i personally do n't like cables , i do n't like dealing with them . this is just right for my purposes . the remote is also better for taking pics of people . it is much better than a timer in my opinion since i can move people in and out easier and more efficiently , taking pictures more quickly . this gives me so much more control than using a timer . 
camera pos 327.txt i had a chance to compare it with a tokina glass . canon is better on a contrast and better on a distortion , same or even slightly worse on a sharpness , and complete looser on a build quality . if you are ok with 12mm - get tokina 
music neg 203.txt their new stuff is even worse . but this is still sexist , boring , annoying music at its worst . there are much better artists out there , so why listen to these two untalented rappers 
camera neg 99.txt wow.. . now if you really want to see a rip-off , here it is . not to be damaging to amazon.com but hey for the 50mm just get some carboard and tape it to the front to shield it from the sun . the hood is definitely not worth it 
music neg 188.txt their new stuff is even worse . but this is still sexist , boring , annoying music at its worst . there are much better artists out there , so why listen to these two untalented rappers 
camera pos 989.txt i 've been waiting for this technology for years . so when i found out jvc was planning on coming out with their 4 gb microdrive version , i had to have one . the $1500 price tag was too much though . then i found out the gz-mg50 was coming out , and would be about a $1000. i thought it was still a little pricey , but i could n't wait any longer . so far , the camera has performed great . it 's been easy to use and easy to transfer the files to my computer then to dvd . however , the video editing software that came with it seems a bit cheap , but it gets the job done . maybe the next gen version will be an improvement . the movie quality is very good . i wo n't give it a " great " because i occasionally see pixel blurring when watching my burned dvds . do n't bother taking pictures with this , unless you only plan on emailing them . the quality is far too low to use to capture those precious moments . i recommend getting an additional battery ( the three hour model ) . the one hour battery just does n't cut it , especially if you want to review your scenes while you 're out shooting . if jvc gave the camcorder a larger ccd and included better software , i would have given this a 5 star rating , otherwise i think they are on the right track , and in a few years , the minidv may be as forgotten as the eight-track . 
camera pos 10.txt i enjoy the tc80n3.you may think it 's costly , but the features are out standing.i think it was worth the buy.the only disappointment i have is there is no " on , off " power switch 
music pos 731.txt it was good . there are so many albums like this . this is one of the good ones 
camera pos 208.txt holds all my lenses , camera body , remote , card reader , etc.. . with room to spare . compares to bags costing 3 times more . 
camera pos 810.txt the camcorder compact power adapter worked very well . i was given great help in finding the right one for my canon camcorder , which in itself was amazing . 5 stars to the product and to the helpers who helped me locate the right one 
music pos 402.txt this cd has alot of tight hits including : nann by trick daddy and who dat ' by j.t. money . there are too many good songs to name for this cd , those are the biggest i like and i like all the others too . i can practically just listen to the whole cd without stopping it , which usually never happens with other cd 's b / c u buy it for about 3 good songs and all the other songs are junk . but this cd has all the hip hop hits that it proclaims . i suggest anyone looking at this review or cd , to buy the cd . it 's worth it , definetely ! one last word is that you will have no regrets buying this cd at all i think in my own opinion.i am from st. louie and i am telling ya 'll to look out for a new group called nelly also , there hit single is already out & quot ; country grammar&quot ; and cd soon to be out . get that when it comes out to . peace out ya 'll 
music pos 543.txt in august 1969 five session singers were invited to form a new session group . main singer was tony burrows of ivy league and flowerpot men fame . the first success came with the second single united we stand . this cd collects together the three us hits of the session group plus the only us hit of the group that was the face of the session group in concert during 1971-1973 and that would become the second outfit of the group , the eurovision winning song save your kisses for me . the rest of the songs are a mix of songs from this second outfit 1974-1980. this outfit is still on tour at the end of the centur 
music neg 778.txt perhaps puffy only got as far as he could riding on biggie 's legacy , but lets face it , he really has very little talent , charisma , charm and just seems so dull , he is basically a male paris hilton , going around acting like the world 's biggest d1ck ny saying " look people , i got money , arent i cool " besides biggie ( rip ) , bad boy really is not great , most of the artists are poor quality , the production is awful and no one has not even shown potetial . this album is basically not even worth printing or existing . it is just sad that many great underground rappers are not getting any attention while garbage like diddy plague are airwaves and puts his dumb face everywhere on tv . i do n't know why people like tupac , biggie , dimebag , chuck shuldiner and countless other greats are buried but this guy still breaths . so i would say in conclusion that we should do what people like chingy and d4l deserve , a 1 star rating . 
music neg 570.txt most other reviewers listed here believe that this cd is good - i wonder if the fantastic and marvelous nature of the legendary mannheim concerts and the joyous nature of earlier mannheim cd 's have made it difficult to critique a mannheim offering ! i am a student of all sorts of music and have been my entire life - and this particular cd sounded to me like one long track of exactly the same music , just with different chords . in fact , if i was not paying specific attention , i could n't tell when one song ended and another started ! i enjoyed what i heard , but i was certainly expecting more from this cd - many of these disney songs could have easily lent themselves to more spectacular stylings - at the very least , some variety seems to have been called for . disney has always included great music with their movies , running the gamut of musical styles such as classical , jazz , blues , and even hip-hop - so maybe my problem was that my expectations were too high . i do , however , highly recommend mannheim cd 's in general - just not this one 
music pos 597.txt if you like late 60s british rock-psych , tough-not-fey production / vibe , white-soulful vox , and mixing electric / acoustic elements ( think : a cross among beatles + zombies + traffic + small faces , even a lil ' byrds feel occasionally ) , you shimply musht try rolled gold , which compares to the cream of these groups ' output ! ! - " the ac-who - " ! ? you might well say.. . 'where have they been all our life ? ' ; ' a gem beyond price has languished all these years unsavored , ' we repeat nearly speechless . not since our belated introductions to moondog...skip bifferty...billy nicholls...stones ' " metamorphosis " ...dantalian 's vehicule.. . it can easily be yours . we very rarely care to replay any c.d. over and over but this one warrants such : well-crafted blend of nonchalance poetry and passion , delicacy and yarbles , hooks and chops and pacing and songs up there with the legends . the news that this cohesive album was only demo's * ( ' haps fortuitous in retrovision ) catapults one 's estimation higher still . singer reg king : on rolled 's strength his visage deserves a spot on some rushmore-in-avalon alongside fellow soulful brits winwood / marriott / reid / lloyd / stewart.. . : just hoarse enough / just sweet enough ( + a ' secret' : optimal use throughout of unison doubletracking ) ...perfection . rolled gold 's production is on the raw / monoish / hotly-compressed side- - a flute / piano occasionally to augment the basic guitar quartet formula & keep things unexpected- - suiting the songs & performances to a tee ( just to offer another clue to their magic brew ) . homey 's in no way related to any bandmember. . 
music neg 241.txt i bought this album because i loved the title song . it 's such a great song , how bad can the rest of the album be , right ? well , the rest of the songs are just filler and are n't worth the money i paid for this . it 's either shameless bubblegum or oversentimentalized depressing tripe . kenny chesney is a popular artist and as a result he is in the cookie cutter category of the nashville music scene . he 's gotta pump out the albums so the record company can keep lining their pockets while the suckers out there keep buying this garbage to perpetuate more garbage coming out of that town . i 'll get down off my soapbox now . but country music really needs to get back to it 's roots and stop this pop nonsense . what country music really is and what it is considered to be by mainstream are two different things . 
music pos 517.txt the best r&b band ever ! ! ! i know some will disagree with me , but this is the band that really rock my boat . i mean , they were awesome and it was n't forced or fake . the rawness of their funk is sooo addictive that you will never put this cd down . i am in the process of getting all their cds , but this one is a great way to be introduce to their music 
camera pos 611.txt i got a nikon laser rangefinder for chrisymas and it had an 8x magnification . i found this to be to powerful for golf.i could not hold it steady on the flag.the 6x magnification on the bushnell yardage pro scout was much better . also it is very compact and stores easily in my golf cart . the price from amazon was well below i could find anywhere else . 
music neg 390.txt there are only two artists ' music that i will purchase not having heard one note of the cd . those two artists are barbra streisand and linda eder . " songs of judy garland " was a huge disappointment . i was surprised at the cd cover . i do n't know what " look " ms. eder was shooting for but she missed the mark . instead of coming off as 10 years younger , she has been transformed to the point of being unrecognizable . she looks both spooky and a little like a petulant child . ms. eder has always been a very attractive woman and definitely did not need this kind of " makeover " . and the music...i tried so many times to like it . but the more i listended the more i realized i was listening to " liza minnelli " singing her mother 's music . i did not hear linda eder . i 'm begging you ms. eder , go back to what works . i 'm sorry...this does n't 
camera neg 499.txt i paid 99.00 for this little camcorder , thought it would be ideal for my action sports heros in the house , but we could n't get the videos to transfer to the pc . the menu button would not bring anything up , so overall we just could n't get this thing to work . a bummer of a christmas present 
camera pos 323.txt i 'm surprised to see that a lot of people only give 1* to this camera ! i 've had it for 2 years now and i just love it ! thanks to it , i discovered i had a real passion for photography.. . it 's very easy to use and my pictures are great ! when i show them , people usually tell me " you must have an expensive camera " ... and i just show them my little canon s500 and they are surprised with the result ! i 'm just loving it 
music pos 376.txt great compilation of songs from massive attack , all of their singles plus new never release songs . the videos are great and their new single ' live with me ' is a great song ( very sad video though ) . includes new version / remix of ' i want you ' with madonna . the combo is great you can own all of the videos , is a lot of fun to see the videos from blue lines until 100th window from the 90s all the way to the new single , the changes in the way they used to make music videos . there 's even the first video with tricky ) . a must have for any massive attach fan , and if you never heard from this band , you get the best of the best with this cds / dvd . massive attack is a band that had influenced a lot of artist from bjork , tricky , madonna , morcheeba , portishead , unkle , etc. 
music neg 14.txt listening to the standards being sung by rod stewart is like listening to classical music being played on a kazoo ! if you 're new to this music , try out some sinatra cd's . he 's the guy who sets the standard when it comes to singing the standards 
camera pos 247.txt i have taught photography at the college level , shoot 4x5 view camera work on occasion , and am very demanding about image quality . i am quite satisfied with the image quality from my kodak p880 , particularly after i installed the newest firmware upgrade available from kodak . i went through several 7mp to 8 mp cameras before finally getting the kodak p880. the p880 has better image quality than some high end sonys and olympus 7-8 mp cameras like the dsc-v3 or the sp350. i tested the p880 against the even higher end 10.3 mp large sensor sony r1 and the difference in image quality in a 13x19 print between the p880 and the r1 was barely perceptible after minor sharpening and noise reduction , which the p880 images accept particularly well . the zoom lens has a very useful range and is generally pretty sharp throughout its range . balance , manual controls and features feel high end and adequate for most semi-professional needs . the camera is a little slow processing and storing pictures in raw format and exposure bracketing modes but that really does n't bother me because i do mostly landscape and fine art photos . raw file format is directly supported by most versions of adobe photoshop and photoshop elements as well as most other raw processing programs like bibble pro . unlike most sub- $500 cameras , the p880 uses regular screw in haze and polarizing filters , a real plus and it has a highly controllable hot shoe . manual focus is usable and manual exposure control works well . the direct mechanical zoom is also nice . overall , the p880 is a digital camera that can either be a high end point and shoot slr-styled camera or one that can be used as fully manually as the most classic 35 mm film slr . although not small enough to slip in a pocket , the size is still reasonable and light 
music pos 891.txt both the italian version ( io canto ) and the spanish version ( yo canto ) are excellent , and amongst the best albums that i have heard this past year . the music is absolutely beautiful , fresh , and very well paced , and laura 's voice is soaring ! the quality of this album is exceptional....the production of the songs lends to laura 's very passionate approach to them . without understanding a word of either version , i cannot get enough of them ! listening to laura on this latest release of hers over and over again , each song continues to grow on me and i find myself completely absorbed in this album ! do yourself a favor and get this one....especially if you live in the united states . it will give you an opportunity to experience the power of what music can be if done right . you 'll find yourself relating to words you do n't even understand ! 
camera pos 399.txt bought this camera to replace my 35mm camera . am pleased with the trade up that i made . the shape is similar to my old film camera . thought this would make it easier to adjust to the smaller size of it . it has made the transition relatively smooth . i 'm sure there are smaller cameras out there , but this one is small enough . the display is also a good size - bigger than most that i looked at . i am not a genius at computers , so i was concerned that i would need to adapt to downloading pictures from the camera to the pc . but , all i need to do is plug in the cord and click a button . very easy to follow any instructions . i did notice that the display " freezes " for a second or two after a picture is taken . this is not generally a problem for me as most pictures are posed shots . i did run into some lag time during an easter egg hunt this past weekend , but still managed to get about a dozen good shots . overall , i like the camera and only wish i had gotten up the courage to go digital sooner 
camera neg 716.txt i gave this picture frame to my wife for a christmas gift , we pluged it in and within a half an hour it made a loud bang and smoke poured out of the thing like crazy....not a good gift . 
camera neg 132.txt last march ( 2002 ) i bought this camera and it was wonderful , although it was " refurbished " by canon it worked perfectly . i bought also a new battery and a 48mb compactflash memory card and everything was working fine . 6 months later the camera had electrical problems and warranty had expired . now the cost to fix this problem is far bigger than to buy a new camera because warranty period for " refurbished " items is less than 6 months 
camera pos 13.txt this is a very powerful flash unit that works as a master to other canon flash units . you can get very nice results with a small amount of experimentation . it does what it suppose to . i used it with the 420ex i 've had for several years and it worked fine . mounted on the camera it 's a larger version of the built in popup on the 30d with some extra niceties and lots more power . thinking of the 430ex ? cough up the few extra bucks for this baby , you 'll be glad you did . it 's a one shot deal , [no pun intended] , you 'll be using it for years to come . i bought the 420ex for my elan ii e about 6 years ago . it 's been a great unit . this one recharges faster and has gobs more power . you 'll love it ! do n't let all the dials and switches scare you , read the instruction manual 
music pos 715.txt sombre romantic is a step up if you will in the gothic metal genre . it is a very solid album from start to finish but has alot of layers that keep things interesting . its not what you would really consider to be a " religious " album but there are many undertones that help get the message across . this point being made very clear in " museum of iscariot " which talks of jesus from judas ' point of view . rowan 's vocal stylings change to meet the moods of every song on this album , from low opera type to screaming , in a superb way that stays consistent and never gets old . if you are into relaxed darkwave / goth music this is a perfect album to purchase 
music neg 270.txt [first of all : i only gave this one star because the rating does n't let you go any lower] i only listened to this album because someone who was utterly disgusted with it threw it on the floor and stomped on it , leaving me to pick it up . i proceeded to suffer through it so i could give you fair warning . if you buy this , consider yourself warned 
music neg 282.txt i understand why the beatles are the top sellers in rock music as they suck . they only made about two decent songs in their " hey jude " a pretty song , and " ballad of john and yoko " . the sixties was a horrible decade of rock music . i would have to be said that only very few good songs came out in the sixties , which one of them is neil young 's " down by the river " . i have listened to the beatles for about a month and thought how lame and pathetic their music was . they were hugely one of the most overrated bands of all time . this one album is definately not the album to buy at all unless you are a sick moron who does not have a good taste in music . here you will get 25 of the worst songs ever recorded . if you want good music , i recommend go buy albums from foreigner , dire straits , green day , guns n ' roses , and metallica insted . do n't buy this album at most costs as you will waste money on 25 awful songs 
music neg 310.txt after reading her excellent halloween book , i figured her halloween cd would be worth owning . i always search for " different " halloween cds , but this was filled with the same old stuff . chains , moans , and spooky laughs.. . then more chains , moans and spooky laughs . very dissapointing 
music pos 74.txt i was waiting in anticipation for this cd to arrive and was not disapointed . etta is the bes 
camera pos 887.txt excellent camcorder . the only thing i would do different is spend the little more it would take to go up to the pv-gs85 
camera neg 728.txt made the mistake of taking this camera on a trip to the pool ! ! pictures were horrible . eye piece is the biggest pain ! ! do n't buy this piece of junk . if you want great , good , wonderful pictures , buy the fuji quicksnap camera . kodak could have done much , much better 
camera neg 840.txt this monitor worked pretty well for 4 months . we purchased this monitor and it worked well provided we were in the next room or on the same floor as the receiver . however , when we were downstairs ( baby 's room upstairs next to our 's ) the monitor was fuzzy , and had static and lines running thru . we were still able to have audio recpetion . after 4 months , the picture disappeared , audio was still operational . not a good camera for long term 
music neg 688.txt save your money on this one . it 's sooooooo bland - with no jams ! what a disappointment . can i get a refund 
music neg 718.txt i 'm a big fan of great big sea and i purchase everything they release . apparently they were trying to give this cd the " feel " of a live , medium-size venue performance . unlike their other live dc offerings , this one sounds like it was recorded with a micro-cassette tape in some fan 's front pocket . it does n't give justice to their usual great vocals and unique sound . overall , i was pretty disappointed and i 'd recommend their earlier offerings over this one . 
music pos 924.txt this is a really great follow up to allison moorer 's debut album alabama song . the hardest part , her sophomore cd , was released two years after her debut in september 2000. it builds on the sound presented on her first , and the songs are nothing short of great . my favorite track , though not her own , is her emotional reading of the rolling stones ' & quot ; bring me all your lovin&quot ; . she makes this song into her own . & quot ; no next time&quot ; is another favorite , the lyrics are excellent , a great breakup song . the title track is a nice midtempo country number . & quot ; send down an angel&quot ; is very sad but touching at the same time . other highlights include & quot ; it 's time that i tried&quot ; , & quot ; day you said goodbye&quot ; , & quot ; is it worth it&quot ; and & quot ; feeling that feeling again&quot ; . overall , to me this is her best album . you ca n't go wrong with any of them but this is an artistic acheivement , and one of her best albums yet 
music neg 103.txt out of all of the early ' 90s , l.a. gangster flicks , this one probably had the best set of chicano oldie tracks . the movie was laced with them , yet none are on the soundtrack . kind of a waste . sure , you can get those oldies anywhere . but it would be nice to have those songs from this movie on one cd . again , it was a good sequence they used . aside from that ; it 's okay , i guess , if you 're a fan of b-list l.a. chicano rappers . but , even if you are , you can get better music from their respective albums . lsob 's first cd from ' 91 was tight . if you have that , then you 're really not missing anything by letting the ' loca ' soundtrack pass . 
camera pos 578.txt sony continues to exhibit the highest quality in their product design and manufacturing process . this case is very slim , compact , well made , and has a very luxurious feel to it . it completely enhances the look and attractiveness of the sony camera it is designed to hold 
camera pos 289.txt this camera is a steal . the reviews on amazon helped me decide on this camera and sure it is worth it . 
music pos 223.txt i purchased this cd with the intent of finding fine players playing fine music . what i found , however , was and outstanding example of chamber music as its finest . the ensemble these 3 players generate is some of the finest ensemble music playing recorded . each player displays exceptional technique , both in the mechanical and lyrical aspects of their playing . most impressive is listening to istomen who , playing a very technically and lyrically demanding part , voices his playing with such finess and carefull attention to detail to the strings ; a feat very difficult to do as a pianist . this is an excellent recording for the professional to study a score from or for the avid listener to play over and over 
camera neg 157.txt this backpack was very uncomfortable . the inserts are stiff . it does n't represent canon quality ( i hope ) 
camera pos 948.txt some reviewers below have said that this microphone does n't work with the sony hot shoe . wrong . click on the " technical details " on this page and you 'll see the sony camcorder models that this microphone works with . failure to look at which camcorders are compatable with this microphone is the fault of the customer , not any fault with the microphone ! so do n't give it a low rating based on your own lack of research when buying a product , please 
camera neg 344.txt i purchased this item because of a recommendation from a friend . i will start out by saying that when i first purchased this frame , i loved it . the display , contrast and brightness were great . however , after 5 short months , the display 's pixels started acting funny . they get out of sync and display a solid color rather than the imgage . turning the frame off and back on resolves the issue for about 60 seconds and then it 's back to bad pixels . myself and two of my friends each purchased this frame and are all experiencing the same issue . in conclusion - it would have been a great frame if it had worked long enough to display pictures from all four seasons . 
camera pos 185.txt okay , first off , i 'd like to say that this is my first af slr- -i stepped up from my dinosaur of a camera , canon ae-1 manual focus , and right now i am quite overwhelmed by all the features in this little thing . i 'm still in the learning stages of all this technology but let me tell you this , i am having fun ! it amazes me that canon can offer quite an impressive camera for the price . i just received my first few rolls from the developer and the pictures came out amazing- -so clear and the colors are very vibrant . just to let you know , i 'm using the 28-105mm f / 3.5-4.5 usm lens . i took the suggestions of many and passed up on the " kit " lens and i 'm sure glad i did so . i would highly recommend the f / 3.5-4.5 lens , but unfortunately for the rest of you , amazon has discontinued it . but you could order it from one of the many other photo shops ( b&h , adorama , etc ) . do i have any regrets on this purchase ? absolutely not ! i love this camera and even though i 've owned it for less than a month , i 'm actually thinking about stepping up to the eos 3 and using this as a backpacking / hiking body . hmm...what to do , what to do ? do i purchase another body or start a collection of l-series glass ? ...that is the question . 
music neg 230.txt i was ( and still am ) a huge fan of " mr. show " . it was the only reason i kept my hbo subscription . it 's hard for me to believe that the same talent that created " mr. show " produced this weak offering . might be the least funny comedy cd i 've ever heard . virtually all the material in the album has been done before , and much better , by other comedians . most of the bits just lay there and die . mr. cross seems to realize this and tries to make up for it by saying f*ck a lot . sorry , it just does n't work . do n't waste you money on this one . get the " mr. show " dvds instead and forget this ever existed . 
music pos 967.txt dj shadow is in my honest opinion one of the most overlooked artists in music today . threading the thin line between commercial and underground , and finding his niche somewhere in between ( as unkle says , the middle ground between light and shadow ) dj shadow continues to impress with every release he puts forth . i was fortunate enough to pick this album up right after its release , and actually purchased it before i bought endtroducing , which is by far dj shadow 's best album , and one of the best albums ever made . by sampling elements from just about anywhere shadow combines elements from our pop culture to create mini-movies of his songs which few artists can touch in terms of sheer production value , and the emotional effect that is created while listening to his music . i am actually glad i bought this album before endtroducing as it has given me the time to truly appreciate this album for what it is ; a work of art , and a continual growing of shadow 's talents . had i bought endtroducing before this and writtwn a review i 'm sure i would have garnered it with a 4 star review , but that is simply not the case here . while endtroducing is always going to be leaques above and beyond this album , josh davis has found a way here to go above and beyond what should be expected of an album , and given us an album that i 'm sure years from now i will still find elements in it that will grow even more on me with time . best enjoyed while driving or relaxing at home ( possibly with a little mary in tow , if you know what i mean ) , the songs fluctuate with peaks and valleys of highs and lows , and the beats are flawless , especially when compared to a lot of the mainstream garbage that is put out in the record industry on a regular basis . see the thing is that shadow bases his music upon how he feels , and artists that do this correctly achieve an emotional reaction from their music that the true artists of our world truly achieve . radiohead for example has a way of doing this , and it is not surprising then that one of dj shadows favorite artists is radiohead , they both fuse these elements into their music , and achieve monumental status in my opinion . the package design is equally well done as well showing an artists eye for presentation , and a graffiti influenced design to the overall package . if you enjoy this album then i highly recommend any of shadows works : endtroducing , preemptive strike , the private press , and in tune and on time , which is a live set recorded in support of this album . unkle is also a well thought out album which bridges the gap between hip-hop , rock and techno , with guest appearences by mike d of the beastie boys , thom yorke from radiohead , and others from throughout the music industry . if you 've never heard of dj shadow before , then i must say that you are missing out , if you are at all interested in underground music , do yourself a favor and pick up any of shadow 's albums or collaborations , i guarantee you will extremely impressed , as with any good album the songs have a way of growing on you over time . peace out 
music neg 874.txt la grange is probably at the top of most zz top fans lists , and rightly so as it is superb , but the version contained on this collection is the one where they did some weird digital reverb stuff to the drum track , which completely destroyed the roadhouse vibe of the original recording . it is so awful that i do n't know how anybody can listen to it . thankfully they got smart and went back to the original for rancho texicano . clueless classic rock stations are still playing the version contained here , dummies . also , waitin ' on the bus / jesus just left chicago are two absolutely essential tracks that are inexplicably missing here 
music neg 178.txt a mix of the softest chessyest mushy reggae from the 80s . do n't even bother.. . 
music neg 463.txt this a great priced cd , but the content is why it is so cheap . it 's a true-amateur album . beethoven lover is over her / his head . this is the real world , not a fantasy-everyone-likes-every-type-of-music world . deal with it and agree with me . it is n't so great 
music neg 966.txt sinceramente , no puedo entender la devocion de muchas perosnas , incluso renombrados artistas , hacia este musico.. . ungido de la leyenda grape , amparado en el descontrol y la libertad absoluta que encierra la locura , esta coleccion de temas no genera mas que sentimientos encontrados..lastima , piedad , curiosidad...no se , me genera igual sensacion que muchos discos de erickson ( 13th.... . ) .. en ningun momento se me revela como la creacion de un genio. . en fin , son opiniones , nada mas . 
software pos 327.txt i do television editing for my church and i dabble alittle at home . i have many editing programs that i use for music and video editing of home movies from cams and 8mm.i had nero 6 and it was ok , but nero7 ultra ( enhanced ) has taken the place of all the other programs . it is my primary editing suite for music and videos . for music i can make changes to songs for skating programs where i would have to send out to have words removed or create a cd for pleasure.this program is remarkable , there are still somethings i have not yet used , this was the best but in this type of program for under $800.00 that is how much the programs that we use in the studio starting price is . buying this program will be a great investment . 
dvd neg 671.txt i watched this on masterpiece theater and was intrigued enough with the family story to buy the book . the characters and the historical context are much better developed in the book and you do n't have to listen to that extraordinarily whiny , droning music . 
camera neg 5.txt i am not impressed with tiffen filters i got in this set . the finish of the rings are poor . despite of previously poor reputaion , i recently purchased some 67mm quantaray filter from the local ritz camera store which are of much better quality compared to this set of tiffen filters . i never got tiffens before , had good experience with hoyas . i will probably stay with those from now on . now come to think of it , ritz camera indicated the quantaray they had were made by hoya . the glass on all the filters are quite a bit more reflective compared to the hoyas and the quantarays . not a good sign . the circular polarizer had some smudges and some lense swirl that after 10 sheets of lense tissue and quite a bit of cleaning solution failed to be fully cleared off . quite frustrating . all of the filters came with lint and a few little smudges on them , not sure if the store handling or the manufacturer handling was to blame , but none of the other filters i got before had this kind of problem right out of the box . the set might be cheap , but it sure is for a good reason 
music neg 574.txt my copy of " reckless nights.. . " ( and yours , too , probably ) has a sticker on front that reads : " one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century . " well , i 'm so glad that columbia cleared that up . otherwise , i 'd have had to make up my own mind , and apparently music labels do n't allow that nowadays . i hope similar stickers are included on chopin , mozart , and bach cds ( with the century adjusted on a per-composer basis ) . scott 's gimmicky fare makes for pleasant listening , but not in such a large dose- -monotony sets in after two or three titles , let alone 22. halfway through this cd , i felt as if i were listening to the drone of a defrosting icebox . for all the outrageous hyperbole thrown at scott- -no one else like him , no way to categorize his music , and so on , and so on- -the reality is that composers and arrangers like ferde grofe , duke ellington , glenn miller , alec templeton , and bill challis covered the same ground far more skillfully- -and , in most instances , earlier- -than scott . concert jazz , symphonic jazz , or whatever you wish to call it , was not the invention of any one man , and certainly not scott . check out grofe 's scores for whiteman- -in particular , his writing for woodwinds and his constant , scott-esque use of muted trumpet . listen to duke ellington 's " extended " compositions circa 1929. for that matter , listen to ellington 's 1933 " daybreak express " - -virtually the template for scott 's galloping miniatures . experience bill challis and glenn miller 's pioneering big band charts . or.. . believe as you 're told to believe , i.e. that scott , and scott alone , performed this kind of music . i mean , who needs history when we 've got hype ? it 's up to you , dear listener 
camera neg 502.txt for quite sometime lured by media publicity i thought sony a good brand . but this was not at all true for digital cameras . i bought this p73 for myself and an hp 4 mp camera for my cousin much cheaper than sony . both 3x optical zoom . the hp one was far better in image quality . main problem is that photo quality is not so good . it lacks sharpness and in most of the natural occassions becomes a bit hazy . this fact becomes annoying because your friend who has a cannon or an hp camera will take sharper pictures better than you in any light conditions . also , in the same price you might look for something higher than 3x optical zoom , say 5x or so in other brands . also during video , every option of adjusting to light conditions etc will be shut off , another irritating fact . not recommended 
music pos 971.txt this cd is the funniest cd i own . the first half of the cd is pure comedy and super funny . the second half is a little hard to understand , and it louds like is was recorded poorly , that is why i gave it four stars . track 2 is worth the money spent on the cd because that track is 8 mins of pure comedy . eddie makes fun of stevie wonder and boxer larry holmes , and he does it well 
music neg 164.txt i like funny rappers who have some talent at least . i do not think that his songs or the man is funny at all . and even the people that i know that enjoyed this the first couple times say that they do n't like it at all by the third time . truly bad pointless music that makes all rap music seem like a joke . avoid this one 
music pos 107.txt i read some of the other reviews before i submitted this . i do n't see how someone could get upset over the liner notes . redd does n't include danny gatton as an influence because he did n't listen to him . as far as other reviews concerning tone and the lack of fire , well , i do n't even know how to address that . redd has one of the best tones i 've heard on the tele and his note selection is what sets him apart from other pickers . ever hear of diarrhea of the guitar ? well , you wo n't get that on this cd because redd does n't play something to just play it . this cd showcases redd 's versatility from country , to swing , to blues , to rock , it has it all . if you like good pickin ' , then by this cd 
camera pos 699.txt bought as a gift for daughter in law . she loves it . seems to be an excellant entry level camcorder . enough bells and whistles to satisfy most without being excessively expensive . quality is good which is to be expected from jvc . operation is simple enough and picture quality even for jpeg internet quality stills is satisfactory . 
music neg 720.txt the music for the soundtrack was so lame ! i though i was gonna cry cause i figured this was the end of b2k by this point . the s'track was n't even all b2k either . i like the song with jhene and omarion " happy " . also i liked " out of the hood " other then that it was boring . 
music neg 385.txt i own this set , as does my roomate , and we both hate it . it highlights bands like ' red lorry , yellow lorry ' that no one likes or listens to , and uses great classic bands like bauhaus ' worst song as the first track . it is the hollow , tin-y , embarrassingly hokey side of goth , and i am ashamed to even have it in my house 
music neg 167.txt no strings attached is to my memory one of the worst albums ever made.no one listens to the stupid boy bands anymore.this piece of c@#p does not sell even a thousand copies today unless the previous reviewer is buying up all the million copies himself.dont buy any album from n stync or the equally horrible justin timberlake.get any beatles album instead 
camera pos 107.txt pros : - reduces flare and ghosting when shooting in bright light . - helps protect your lens from dirt and scratches . - somewhat protects the lens in case of a fall . better to break the hood than the front element . - makes you look more like you know what you are doing and helps keep others from carelessly walking in front of you . cons : - will increase lens movement in windy situations , kind of like a sail on a boat . - takes up more room in your bag , even when reversed they still add to the diameter of the lens . - people take more notice of you , will help to blow your cover if you are trying to keep a low profile 
music neg 618.txt i love running to the marine corps cadence cds . volumes 1 and 2 are very good . volume 3 sounds studio produced and more choral . when running vols 1 & 2 are better synched for continuous running . the transitions on vol 3 feel out of synch to me . others do n't seem to agree and i still run to this cd ; i 'd buy 1 and 2 first if you do n't have them 
music pos 25.txt without a doubt , the highlight is the dvd of the 1975 show in london . " born to run , " the album , had put him on the cover of " time " and " newsweek " the same week in october , 1975 , one of the very few times that has happened for a non-news story . the publicity and hype generated by columbia records was so overwhelming that there was a backlash : " nobody can be that good . " so here we see his first show ever in the uk , playing to an audience of professional critics and amateur skeptics , people thinking , " hey , ' rock and roll future , ' this is the land of the beatles , the rolling stones , the who - who do you think you 're kidding . no unknown kid from america deserves ' time ' and ' newsweek . ' " the show begins in almost total darkness , a piano softly plays , then harmonica , and a soft spotlight lights the kid from new jersey who sings " thunder road , " accompanied by only piano . an unknown song at the time , " thunder road " has become a springsteen classic . imho , especially given the expectations , it is a perfect understated opening . the dvd has the entire show , including everything from the hard rock of " she 's the one , " and " born to run , " the song , to a much slowed down version of " for you , " an underated sleeper on his first album , " greeting from asbuty park , nj . " bruce accompanies himself on the piano and i swear , this version of " for you " is so beautiful it could be the scruffy new jersey kid channeling god . any skeptic who walked out of this show thinking springsteen was merely hype has no ears , no taste , or was xenophobic . the show gives more than a big hint that this springsteen guy is for real , as a songwriter and performer , and that " born to run , " especially , is an extraodinary album . there are only eight songs , but none are fill . repeated listenings of the four corners of the album ( before cds ) " backstreets , " " jungleland , " thunder road , " and the title song are so good they become.. . well , addictive , works of genius , and lead to still more listening . " tenth avenue freeze out , " " night , " and especially " she 's the one " could each be the centerpiece of almost any other album . even the whispered " meeting across the river , " fits and helps the album become a coherent whole . the songs taken together are more than the sum of the parts . as a footnote i 'll offer the opinion that bruce only wrote one other album that is as good as " born to run " and that is his next one , " darkness on the edge of town . " everything he has released is good ; a good bit of it is great , but i do n't think anything else matches " born to run " or " darkness . " i do n't know if two other back to back albums this good have ever been released . the dvd of the show gives us a big early peek at the guy who would develop into rock 's greatest performer . by 1985 he would be the biggest rock star in the world , selling out multiple nights at football stadiums . the remastered cd is nothing special to my ears . perhaps an audiophile could hear improvement . the dvd , " the making of ' born to run , ' " is interesting , but will probably appeal mainly to fans . however the dvd of the 1975 london show ought to appeal to anyone who likes bruce , or rock & roll , or showmanship , or history . its a treat 
music neg 619.txt i like these guys alot.i own a bunch of there stuff and love to see them live . i played this cd a few times liked it at first , but it did n't grow on me at all liked i 'd hoped.to cute for me , not spontaneous enough.i feel this cd will be just another dust collector in a short period of time.just let it rip guys , that 's what you do best.thank god my brother bought this instead of me.i bought live at cow palace ( the dead ) great cd 
music pos 6.txt review by mike watson : with the recent slew of victory records releases , not to mention the wide variety ; one can be to say the least skeptical of any of their assortment of new releases . however , picking through all of the less notable releases from the label , the up-and-coming band , the forecast , have stepped to the plate and scored a home run on late night conversations . the forecast are a perfect blend of male and female vocals over a very modern rock soundtrack , executed flawlessly over a ten song full length . late night conversations is an album confronting different topics ranging from relationships to the teen trend of mutilation and loathing . the harmonies arranged by both vocalists are undeniably catching and well written and the music follows closely in suit leaving your head bobbing back and forth to the beat and your feet tapping almost involuntarily . the forecast is not only a great recorded band , but bring the same toe tapping energy to the stage , with both great stage presence and cohesion as a band . the forecast will defiantly be one of the new big bands in poppier rock music , and checking their victory records debut out is a must for fans of the genre . 
camera neg 144.txt image quality is pathetic . it generates ludicrous amounts of noise even at the lowest iso ( 80 ) . rest assured , you will be disappointed . i returned mine within a day 
camera neg 602.txt after doing a bunch of research , i bought two of these for my teenage kids since they were said not to have the defective sony ccd that late model 2005 point-and-shoots all seem to have had . the first zamera lasted six months before the lcd display began to worsening exhibit dark striations . after a few days of that , the camera dies completely . the second camera made it another two months before falling prey to the same disease . one camera . . . a fluke maybe . but two ? that suggests a real problem so beware . 
music neg 822.txt i like the music , but the sound quality is terrible . i bought this cd because it was released in 2003 , but there is zero improvement in sound quality from previous older tracks 
music neg 486.txt i 'm a huge fan of christopher lawrence 's stuff , but i aboslutely refuse to buy this cd because of the copy protection . i do not pirate music , and should be allowed to copy music i purchase onto my mp3 player of choice . this is just sad 
music pos 330.txt feinstein is in love with the gershwins and that passion is never made clearer than in pure gershwin . michael 's love affair with ira 's lyrics , his reckless abandon to the light-hearted spirit of the familiar - - and lesser known - -phrases , more than makes up for the less polished vocal production in this early album . in fact , it is that very element that sells these songs as i 've never heard them elsewhere . michael pulls out all stops , embracing the less-than-lily-white additional verses of & quot ; embraceable you&quot ; , with the unbridled passion of a first time lover . his duet with rosie clooney arrouses my curiosity about the movie in which this unknown number made its debut . what a delightful approach michael demonstrates throughout... . oh , to be that young and exuberant about life , love and music again 
music neg 163.txt as much as i have been a lifelong fan of black moon and buckshot in general this album just lacked the ironically titled " chemistry " between buckshot and 9th wonder . the beats were a bit lackluster and boring and rides that razor thin line of boring and laid back with most of the beats raiding the boredom zone . they are working on a part two so i hope they take their times to create something permament rather than something disposable as this album was . 
music neg 969.txt this album bores me out of my mind . only two decent tracks : bad boys and bonnie and clyde . and i 'm no avid radio listener . bet and mtv actually hit the nail on the head with these tracks . so i guess they good for somethin 
camera neg 612.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat 
camera neg 74.txt 1 year old.. . 3 e18 errors 2 battery erros shipped back for service 4 times ! search the net for e18 before you buy ! 
camera neg 956.txt i own many sony products , including a sony cybershot dsc-f717 , which i love . however , i am very disappointed by this camera , the sony cybershot dsc-t5. i bought the t5 for my mother and father as a present . it is small , lightweight , portable ; easy to use ; and stylish . it does take nice photos in brightly lit environments , especially outside . however , after several months of use , a few problems have become consistently evident : ( 1 ) there is horrible red-eye ( and white-eye ) artifact in many pictures . the so-called " red-eye reduction " setting does nothing . ( 2 ) dim-light photography is very grainy , with lots of noise . night-time photography is impossible . these problems are not unique to our camera.. . you will find many corroborating reviews above . overall , i am very disappointed in this camera , and wish i could exchange it for something else . do not buy this camera . other reviewers suggest the t7 or t9 take much better pictures ( and they are still small pocket-size cameras ) . 
camera pos 658.txt small and compact . let me see everyting i wanted to 
camera pos 582.txt very happy with our camera ! perfect condition and quick arrival 
camera pos 690.txt i really wanted a 3ccd model , but since i 'm just starting out and need to buy other stuff , like a tripod , monopod , media , firewire adapter card , camera bag , etc. this fits the budget nicely and it is compact enough to carry it anywhere . yes the usb connection does work , yes firewire does work , although it took me a minute to figure out that a connection problem was the fault of the video software version i was using , not the fault of the camera 
camera pos 192.txt although this is a good batch of accessories , the camera case itself is a little unhandy at times . it has no carry strap - - the camera strap sticks out through a slit in the top . so , if you want to carry the case by a strap and you decide to take a picture , you must open the case , pull the camera 's strap through the slit , then lift the camera out . it would not keep me from buying this but it does make it unhandy 
music pos 294.txt one of his best times . all the songs on this cd are great he express his fellings very openly . with this cd people can really see who marc anthony really is 
camera pos 160.txt this lens does ok at magnifying about 2x max . on full zoom , the magnification was not as sharp as without the close-up lens 
camera neg 911.txt be careful ordering this item - make sure it 's the right one for your camera . while it says it 's for the a95 , it isn't . while it does n't say in the header that it 's the la-dc52c , it is , and the a95 camera requires the la-dc52d . i had to return the wrong one and reorder the right one . i purchased the wrong one based on amazon 's direction when purchasing accessories and do n't want others to make the same mistake 
camera neg 146.txt i have gotten better results with sterlingtek batteries for a fraction of the price...like less the $15 shipped 
camera pos 218.txt hi have a rebel extreme , and needed to use the high-speed mode.. . but the flash could n't even vaguely keep up . i was taking pictures of dancers , so needed a flash system that could keep up . the speedlite really does this perfectly - i 'm able to take a rapid-fire sequence of photos , and this flash system is there each time . i do n't know if it really helps when taking a single photo , but if you want a flash that can keep up , this one is great ! i like it so much , i 'm planning on buying one or two more for my next shoot , to run in slave mode with this one . 
camera neg 899.txt i had this camera for 2 months . it was kept in a case and was very well taken care of . i would not even allow my husband to touch it . i was taking pictures and then one suddenly came out as a white screen . i took another and the same thing . i asked my husband what he thought was wrong . we took out our memory card and tried internal . same thing again . he said maybe it was the lcd screen . we loaded the pictures in the computer and it was even worse . i contacted kodak several times . they do n't care about their customers . i have talked to several others in similar situations with similar results . we will try to get their attention with a lawsuit . if interested contact me [... 
camera neg 492.txt i loved the camera , absolutely loved it . i was using it one night and it died . i went home and put in on the charger and nothing happened . the light on the charger did n't flash or the camera did n't even go in after dying . the second time i used it , i just got back from vacation and put it on the charger . i was able to turn it on to look at the pictures . as i was looking at the pictures , it just shut off . i was unable to find a way to turn it back on or even shut the nose . i would not recommend it for this reason unless the charger you get is different than mine . 
music neg 234.txt do you know why this double cd is often in the bargain basement ? simply because it is an inferior product . for some very odd reason , the compiler at the record company decided to put 13 live songs instead of the studio versions that we all remember . for all we know , it may have been a copyright problem . i bought this for my dad about 5 years ago , but we were both unaware of the live recordings until we played it . the live recordings on this cd are dismal and not related to the awesome " hot august night " . fortunately for me , i own the right neil diamond cd 's which contain the studio versions . these are still available . the first is called " 12 greatest hits " ( a black and white photo a young neil ) , and the second is called " 12 greatest hits volume 2 " ( a colour photo of neil sitting on a sofa ) . both of these contain all the studio versions - and not one live recording in sight ! ! ! just released is a new compilation called neil diamond gold , as part of the gold series but i do not know if it too contains the dreadful live recordings . all i know is that it is missing a lot of key tracks 
camera pos 615.txt well , i do n't even know where to start for this camera . but about a year ago , when this camera first got launched to the digital camera market , it costed nearly twice as much as what you can pay for it now . for the price , this camera has alot to offer . i just love the color tone of fujifilm . you get a very studio-like effect with fujifilm ccd technology . this camera has many manual controls and features that will interest both professional and amature photographers . the 9 megapixel can really be helpful when it comes to cropping . the pictures taken by this camera is bright and clear . the camera picture can be noisy if you set the iso above 400. so , for the best result , just set the iso level as low as possible ( lets say iso 80 ? ) . the 10.7x zoom lens is very convenient when you want to get close to the subject you are shooting . i used this camera for every occasion and it never failed me . i heard alot of complaints about the poor battery life of this camera , but just buy nimh battery that is about 2500 mah and above and you should get about 200-250 shots . make sure to buy at least a 2 gb memory card because the picture files are pretty big , especially in raw format . also , for the price , this camera feels very solid in the hand . it feels very professional and sturdy ( made in japan ) . the buttons are nicely placed and very easy to use . make sure to buy an external flash if you want to do some serious light photography . i recommnend the sunpak 383 non-dedicatted flash to go with this camera . it works together really well . anyway , for $407 , you cannot get a better camera than this one . thank you amazon for making this good deal possible . again , i highly recommend this camera . 
music neg 642.txt i was literally horrified when i first put this album in my cd player . this cd is absolutly terrible , every song sounds like its been composed for some middle school band to play . furthermore the songs hardly sound like the songs they represent , they 'll go through like one riff from the origional then just do their own thing . do not , i repeat , do not purchase this album . i was expecting some cool , fun , funky lounge music but this cd is just obnoxious . the only thing that makes this cd remotley worth purchasing is the cool album art and free coaster 
camera pos 750.txt i bought this camera for my 16 year old granddaughter and she just loves it . the pics are bright and clear and the camera is very easy to handle 
music pos 815.txt superior to the first steppenwolf album in many ways , and including a song that tops even ' born to be wild ' itself , ' magic carpet ride ' , is as essential as the group 's first album , even to the casual rock fan . it opens with ' faster than the speed of life ' , a perfect blend of steppenwolfish hard rock & airplanesque psychedelic rock ( like ' she has funny cars ' ) . ' tighten up your wing ' is an upbeat , bluesy track , that bounces well along , before being replaced with ' none of your doing ' , a steppenwolf-classic , that shifts gear between verse & chorus . ' spiritual fantasy ' is one of the strangest creations on the album , strangely touching , though appaling at first . but given a second chance , it comes across as one of the best tracks on the album . the marihuana-anthem ' do n't step on the grass , sam ' is pure heavy steppenwolf , a timeless classic , that crunches slowly , but steadily along . ' 28 ' is a great rock song with just a hint of psychedelia in the melody . a neat little rocker that is followed by the ultimate psychedelic dance track . ' magic carpet ride ' is simply steppenwolf 's best song ever , a fantastic blend of rhytm , melody & vision , that is worth the price of all steppenwolf 's classic albums on its own . it was also the only of their singles to almost replicate ' born to be wild 's us #2 placing , when it shot to #3 on the us chart . ' disappointment number ' is almost that , but then not again . it is an odd ode to / parody of old blues , complete with bird sounds in the background , as if it 's an old blues singer sitting out in the open . ' lost and found by trial and error ' has a great tune , and rocks away well , as does ' hodge , podge , strained through a leslie ' and ' resurrection' . both employ the classic steppenwolf sound in a great rocking way , to become , if not classics , then at least steppenwolf-standards . the album closes with ' reflections ' a weird song , that seems like somebody trying to be visionary , before you realize that that is just what he is . just in a very peculiar way . the album has some , if not weak , then not too powerful spots , but generally it is a more than worthy follow-up to the first steppenwolf album , with a great blend of the band 's traditional hard rock and a form of psychedelia that suits them perfectly . even the least interesting tracks rock nicely , & no-one should have anything to complain about here. . 
camera pos 101.txt i switched from the digital rebel xt . since i already had l-glass lenses , i did n't run into problems with the 5d " exposing " cheaper lenses . the 17-40mm really shines on the full sensor ! the burst rate is simply astonishing . missing flash does n't bother me , heck it 's a $3000 camera , i do n't expect a built-in flash . i have the speedlite 580ex , which of course is wonderful in itself . i also have the battery grip which i recommend , as well as the rs-80n3 cable release . image quality is superb overall - the 5d really shines in high iso numbers - more so than even the 1d from what i 've read . even at 1600 there 's hardly any noise . it allows you to take great , crisp photos in low light where other cameras would require a flash . the camera also is quite light while being very sturdy at the same time . the 3 fps might bother some , but i prefer the incredible burst numbers . 
camera neg 767.txt in the past , i have considered amazon to be one of the better and more reliable online shopping websites . to be perfectly honest , i am no longer sure . two months ago , i bought this camera set from 47th st photo that was being sold on amazon . this camera set was called the 1 gb stylus 720 sw kit . ironically , the case did not fit the camera and the card reader did not even support 1 gb cards ! my first thought was that 47th st photo made an oversight with the accessories . two weeks after receiving the kit , i emailed 47th st photo to inform them of the mistake . after waiting a few weeks for a response , i decided to send them a second email . again , no response . by this point , i felt helpless and turned to amazon for aid . surprisingly , amazon was not much better than 47th st photo . minutes after sending the email to amazon , i received an automatic email informing me that amazon had received my email . that was the last i heard from amazon . more than two months have passed and i have not heard from either company 
camera neg 8.txt i was all set to purchase this bag but wanted to try it out first . i had great difficulty finding one locally but finally after many many phone calls i located one bag and asked the merchant to hold it till i could get there to try it out . firstly , the bag is nice but does n't hold as much as i thought . it still could have worked for my but for one thing : this bag is not designed for those with a , er.....womanly build . it was the most uncomfortable bag i have ever tried out and looked absolutely ridiculous on me . so glad i was able to take it for a test drive before purchasing online . just a word of warning to the ladies ; - 
music neg 239.txt sorry , bill ! poor lyrics and only fair production have made this a most disappointing purchase . the guitar playing is adequate , but not good enough to save this material . i hope bill spends a little more time on the thought process before bringing out his next material . 
camera neg 327.txt very slow storage even with a fast card....small but too thick for comfortable handling . i ended up selling it on ebay and buying a canon sd600 which is a great camera , thin enough to fit in your shirt pocket , fast storage of images and the battery lasts a very long time . i 've charged it once and have taken many many holiday pictures . do n't buy the nikon without first checking out the canon sd600. 
dvd pos 920.txt this was the first silent film that i saw in its entire form . the 1927 king of kings , directed by cecil b . demille . as with d.w griffth , charlie chaplin , and greta garbo , he is right up their amoung silent icons . this movie , starring h.b. warner as jesus is a truely a jewel of a film . everyone knows the story , but it is told very well here . demille knew his bible films , like ten commandments ( 1924 , 1956 ) samson and delilah and this movie , the king of kings . the film maybe dated a tiny bit , but can the story of jesus be dated . i love jesus movies , like jesus of nazareth , the greatest story ever told . the 1961 king of kings , and the musicals jesus christ superstar and godspell . and the story of christ was also tackled in the 1916 d.w griffth classic intolerence . but this film is broughhow much t out in much better detail . the special effects are amazing for 1927 , the crucifixion scene is astondishing , and a scene in color , which is the resurrection scene.the cast of characters is also amazing . in our era of movies , if you need a big scene , a will have only 100 people , and cgi the other tens of thousands . since there was no cgi back in 1927 , or computers for that matter , they directors like demillie and griffth had to actually get thousands of extras for there scenes in these epics . i know people think silents are boring but for an 18 year old , they are a gateway to the past . without those groundbreaking films , no one would care about movies . those early silents were the catalyst for what would become . i would recommend this film . this movie is a true classic , no matter what religion you are 
music neg 650.txt vote this one off the island : 19 overproduced prog-tropical instrumentals consisting entirely of primitive thumping , chanting and grunting - sort of a new age tribal orgy with pygmy porn music composed by phil collins . it 's all supposed to convey the drama , intrigue and relevance of a tv show ( survivor yell , mud bath , chase race , tally the vote , i can see it , buzzed ) with no drama , intrigue and relevance . a desperate last ditch dig for one of the most unimportant moments in television 
camera neg 337.txt i have had both the s5000 and the s5100 i was disapointed when my s5000 power switch stopped working after 18 months , but i was happy with the picture quality . i replaced it with the s5100 , it has a slightly better feature set over the s5000 ( in particular shutter speed choices ) while on a trip to niagara falls , i was unfortunate to give my camera a slight jolt ( and i mean slight ) after that it would n't power up . i am now looking for something a liitle more robust and reliable . 
music pos 772.txt aretha 's voice , her style , delivery and interpretation of her music is incomparable . these songs are more than just classics ; they 're a songbook to millions of people 's lives who grew up listening to her in the 60 's and 70 's as i did . they evolk memories of times that changed our world , and showed just how powerful and influential music could be for generations to come . there is not much that came before , and very little that came after these golden years for aretha , that can compare to this treasury of her music . sadly the aretha frankiln of 2007 pales in comparison to the aretha franklin of this time , who was truly and rightfully the queen of soul . 
dvd neg 299.txt musicals are historically slight in the plot department , and this movie is no exception . three stars : one fading , one rising and one coasting do not help matters either . rita is the fading star . it was painful for me to watch the once dazzling love goddess reduced to playing the controlling widow . the make up department probably had to work overtime trying to cover the circles under her eyes , and her hair and costumes are just bad . novak is the rising star , although i do n't get the 50 's obsession with bubble headed , busty , bleach blond bimbos . it would help if she could act , but sadly her range is very limited . i truly believe they added the dog to help make her character sympathetic , since she was unable to convey it herself . then there is frank just coasting on his charm and cool . does n't seem plausible that a hep cat like him , who could bag any " doll " , " dame " or " mouse ? " , would fall for either of these gals . anyway , i gave it 2 stars because of snuffy the dog . he stole every scene he was in . although that was n't too difficult to do in such a dog of a movie 
camera pos 700.txt i have to get on the bandwagon here . this is a superb little camera , definately five stars ! i also have the tz1 , which showed promise , but has limitations . in my review of the tz1 , i noted it had lots of " noise " and pictures should n't be printed much beyond 4x6 inches if they were to be sharp . i also wanted more manual controls . the tz3 fixes and improves almost everything about the tz1 and adds some new , very useful features . the noise has been drastically reduced , the lens is better , the sensor is bigger , and the processor is not only faster , but produces better pictures . the tz3 adds a very handy " function " button - or i should say function capability - the number of buttons is the same - which gives immediate access to five or so " most used " settings without having to go into the menues - of which there are several . the tz3 keeps the mega optical image stabilization and adds intelligent iso , increases the sensitivity without adding noise , ( i have not tried the 3200 setting yet . ) , increases the size of the viewing screen , etc. , etc. the tz3 is a " well-rounded , " and very capable camera . there is simply no comparison between the tz1 and the tz3 as far as the quality of the pictures . the tz3 wins hands down . in my opinion it also beats some big name , higher priced digicams - a couple of which i own - rather handily . of course , the big selling point for the tz3 is still the 10x lens - now with wide angle capability - on a pocket-sized point and shoot camera . this lens is sharp , and combined with larger sensor and the new processor yields some excellent results . while there are no manual controls , per se , the camera seems to do very well without them . pictures are sharp , exposures seem nicely done ( have n't tried it at night yet , but low light forrest shots were excellent ) , colors were accurate , appropriately saturated , and vivid ( ok . i like the vivid setting . ) , good contrast , etc. there are a variety of af settings , settable focal points , and focus modes . there is also exposure compensation , and exposure bracketing available - and they work well ! the live histogram is a welcome bonus . the tz3 focuses down to about 2 inches in macro mode - again with excellent , sharp results . the tz3 is very well speced out . one nice thing that is gone is the lens cap on the tz1. it was really not to inconvenient , but seemed always to be swinging in the wind to add yet another source of camera shake . the tz3 lens includes an built in lens cover . very welcome . i currently own five top flight digicams ( including this one ) , and have owned about that many others , i am most impressed with this one - for combined convenience and results . it is a quantum step forward . i also have a couple of quite nice , and fairly complete dslr kits . they are wonderful , and in a class by themselves , but when i want very nice pictures and the convenience of a pocketable point and shoot with a 10x , wide angle lens , or a back up for the dslrs , the tz3 is now my camera of choice . 
dvd pos 521.txt this was purchased for my daughter for her 15th birthday . she is very deeply interested in shakespeare and all his works but especially romeo and juliet . i saw this version when it was released originally in theaters and wanted her to have the experience of seeing these 2 actors . i thought it was beautifully done then and she loves it now . impressive that mom and daughter enjoy this movie when the music of today 's teens and much of their other interests are definitely not mom 's thing . 
music pos 444.txt this is the only albulm i have of the exies for christmas i am getting the last albulm . if its the same as this one the exies must be good . this is the best albulm i have listened to . my favourites are ugly , babtise me , splinter and dear enemy my least favourites are none i like every song its an amazing albulm . ihave listened to some of the tracks over and over again and everytime i think wow this band should be more popular from craig from the uk 
music neg 250.txt the second cd was scratched and hence i cannot play it . i would appreciate it if you would send me another one and also include the information needed to return the damaged one sent to me . thanks . jeann 
camera pos 324.txt i love this flash . i just recently purchased it and have used it for 2 big events and it worked perfectly . i still do n't know everything that it is capable of doing but am still able to work it just fine without even reading the manual . i would definitely recommend this flash . 
dvd pos 311.txt actually i felt i was in love with this film as soon as i saw the very beginning - the opening credits against the background of chicago seen from high above and provided with beautiful music . " candyman " could have become another teenage urban legend flick with not much of a sense , but bernard rose managed to squeeze everything possible from the story making a brilliant , enchanting and spellbinding film out of it . if you 're interested mostly in gore and some physical manifestations of horror you wo n't find it here ( you will , but not in quantities you used to ) . " candyman " is more of a psychological horror where atmosphere is what 's important , where mood is what matters , where you are given some food for thought . i do n't have enough words to describe the whole perfection of this gorgeous film , i can only say it 's a great achievement of bernard rose as a director besides i guess tony todd , virginia madsen and xander berkeley had their best roles played in this feature . i do n't personally think that 90s were fertile regarding the horror genre , but " candyman " is a true gem which would n't be lost among the greatest horror titles of all times . by the way if you do n't want to spoil your impression of the film , better do n't watch " candyman " parts 2 and 3. they are the average tenage urban legend flicks . 
camera pos 14.txt i did n't have a ton of time to research this flash . i 've used it now on several occasions with my canon 5d and could n't be happier with it . it 's great for shooting portraits . i can shoot 10 shots in a row and the flash keeps up . i would definitely purchase the plastic diffuser - get 's rid of the typical flash harsh light 
camera neg 311.txt pictures do not come out very good . poor quality ! i would not recommend it 
camera pos 691.txt the sony cybershot is a great camera . the colors and the features are amazing . is very easy to use . the only thing i dont like about the camera is the zoom in and out button . if you zoomed in you wont be able to zoom out . 
music pos 832.txt my husband and i play this cd all the time . we both love it 
music pos 708.txt chandos ' grainger edition is a significant contribution to modern art . this particular volume ( vol . 14 ) features grainger 's settings of various folk and popular songs which he made in the first quarter of the 20th century . the accompaniments are set for small ensembles , and grainger utilized the harmonium on many of the song settings on this disc . sound is 24-bit 
music pos 465.txt this is , i believe , the best fleetwood mac album ever record by the band . it begins with a nice quick paced tune , " second hand news " and proceeds to move into many textured songs from there . the album itself does not have a bad tune on it . in fact , of all the ' regular ' albums from fleetwood mac ( excluding greatest hits compilations ) , this album has more hits on it than any other . hits like ' dreams , ' ' never going back , ' ' do n't stop , ' ' go your own way , ' ' the chain ' and ' you make loving fun . " all of these get enormous radio play . moreover , ' dreams ' was a number one hit , and the album itself held the number one slot for months on end , and has sold over 18 million copies in the u.s. and over 30 million worldwide , putting into the top 50 best selling albums of all time . in fact , an interesting tid bit from the liner notes of the cd describe how the album had such an impact on america 's youth that during that generation if you were to ask a student to spell ' rumor ' there would inevitably be two ' u's ' in the spelling . now that is a very strong impact on culture . every song on this album is arranged on the album as if it flowed right into the other making for an overall well rounded album . one of my all time favorite songs from fleetwood mac is on this album , " never going back " which contains some great acoustic guitar work from one of rock 's premier guitarists , lindsey buckingham , and , in my opinion , the best christine mcvie song ever written , " songbird . " now , with this release , you can also get , on a second cd , the various rough takes and outtakes of the songs on this album . this makes for great listening , to hear how the songs developed and were recorded . moreover , early demos are included along with two ' jam sessions . " now , more than ever , this is a must have cd for any lover of rock music ( or music in general for that matter ) . if you are a fleetwood mac fan , then chances are you own this album , but if you are just getting introduced to the band , then you must buy this cd . i highly recommend it 
music neg 858.txt diana krall 's popularity is not hard to understand , she 's easy on the eyes and possesses a fine voice - rich , round , and polished . but that 's where the good news ends . the selection of material and the narcoleptic bossa-nova-on-the-rocks arrangements combine to create a cd that is nothing less than a love song to darvon , in fact , inside industry sources maintain that the entire cd was recorded in the frozen food section of a supermarket late at night in order to eliminate the middle man . the rule with standards is , do n't do them unless you can bring something fresh to the fair . ms. krall beats these exhausted warhorses mercilessly ; cruel and unusual punishment considering it 's a wonder they 're still standing . the resuscitation of popsicle toes is both the final insult and injury , for blissful years this sliver of saccharine twaddle resided in richly deserved obscurity ; how could she do this to us ? wherever there are hotel lobbies occupied by mildly inebriated people who are n't listening to each other , much less the ambient audio wallpaper , there will be a demand for music of this type . the diana kralls of the world can always find work because for many - smooth equals good . walk , do n't krall . beyond this woozy , soft-focused world there is music that is real , and really matters . 
camera neg 740.txt i got to the tip of alaska , and none of the four batteries worked no power ! i missed getting a day of once in a life time pictures . david highe 
dvd pos 749.txt ' torzk ' ( ' abandoned ' ) is a brilliant hungarian film written and directed by rpd sopsits that takes us back to hungary of 1960 when the oppressive communist rule altered the lives of everyone , especially children . the quality of the film is absolutely first rate from story to acting to filming to scoring . it may be a tough film to absorb and certainly not for the easily offended , but it is a perfectly honed gem of a film that deserves wide audience exposure . ron ( tams mszros ) is a young lad whose life seems warm at first until suddenly a disease of vision impairment attacks his mother and his parents divorce : the mother is somewhere in a hospital and the father ( sndor gspr ) beats the boy and eventually turns him over to a rigid orphanage for boys run by cruel taskmasters . ron undergoes initiation tactics by his fellow orphans but despite the beatings he is strong enough to survive . he is befriended when he has his nightmares about his mother 's blindness by his friend atilla ( szabolcs csizmadia ) and the two bond emotionally and physically . in this bleak atmosphere a little light comes from the beautiful young housekeeper anya ( krisztina somogyi ) but even her contributions are compromised by the cruelty of the staff . there is one ' teacher ' in the orphanage school , nyitrai ( lszl glffi ) who has been reduced to his position as an ' imprisoned one ' by the government and his sadness is offset by his playing his cello and studying his beloved astronomy . nyitrai offers ron solace and introduces his ' fellow traveler ' to the glory of the stars , giving ron a map of the heavens that ron cherishes - his window to a world beyond the dark confines of his prison-like orphanage . he gradually wins over his fellow orphans and when nyitrai , in the pit of depression for his life situation and the cruelty of the orphanage and the government , hangs himself . this horrid incident drives ron to organize an escape from the orphanage , an event that is ultimately fractured with a death for which ron feels responsible . and the end of the film fades into the many possibilities that event could trigger . the atmosphere created by the stunning cinematography by pter szatmri defines the darkness that represents the orphanage well but also suggests the darkness in hungary of that period . the musical score by pter fejcsik , tams grgnyi , ferenc toma , and balzs winkler is some of the most beautiful composed for the screen , making tremendously effective use of the cello and lower strings . in all , this is a brilliant piece of filmmaking , acted with depth in every role , and unveiling a portion of history and tragedy too often pushed to the background of our books . highly recommended . grady harp , march 06 
music pos 643.txt i heard this music on the excellent p b s documentary : & quot ; liberty - the american revolution&quot ; and i knew i had to have it ! it is the finest music i have heard , capturing the heart and soul of the american revolution . the documentary & quot ; liberty&quot ; was a masterpiece that was beautiful and moving . so too this music with its most wonderful arrangements and accompaniment . i love it ! i could hardly wait to get it in the mail . it framed the documentary ( which i also bought ) like a great frame compliments a beautiful canvas painting . superlatives fail me . this music must be experienced by first watching the great series on the american revolution and then by listening to it apart . this is some of the most wonderful music i have ever heard . it reminds me of the genius of aaron copland who wrote the applachian spring and rodeo suites 
music neg 816.txt here 's my theory in regards to how one should rate a remix album : if a song is remixed , then that remix should be better than the original song . otherwise , what 's the point ? with that being said , nu-mixx klazzics is pretty much pointless . this is nothing more than a cash in album . the people at death row / koch know that folks will continue to buy pac 's music as long as you can manage to put a new spin on it ( especially the die hards...they 'll buy anything associated with the man ) . well , the spin they put on this particular album is just plain terrible . if you have the source material , stick with that . these " remixes " do n't make the originals better , they actually make them worse . the beats sound like throw away beats from an old jt tha bigga figga album and some of the lyrics have been altered / changed so that they sound updated ( removing snoop from " 2 of amerikka 's most.. . " and distorting pac 's vocals when he says his name is just terrible ) , but these changes are only for the worst . in short , all aspects of this album are sorry . the guests are wack and the beats are generic , hollow , " clubby " beats . remember y'all , when these albums were dropped back in ' 96 the beats had more meat to them . there is one decent track though . " life goes on " gets a different look and i 'm not so sure that it 's all that bad . i find it tolerable , but i could see why why someone would n't like it . but this is coming from someone that was n't all that crazy about the original because i was n't feeling the beat . if you enjoyed the original , then stick with that . also , i like that the original version of " hit ' em up " was used here . in this version , ' pac can be heard giving props to east coast emcees that he was cool with ( thus proving that he was n't anti - east coast , just anti - bad boy ) . whoever gave the green light to have this released should be fired . it 's a shame that folks are pimping tupac 's music like this . but they 'll continue to do it as long as folks continue to buy it . i 'm drawing the line here . shame on you , suge . your label is n't relevant anymore , get over it and move on . standout tracks : do n't even waste your time looking for an 
camera neg 243.txt i made the mistake of ordering this camera to substitute buying a pro camera . the color and noise was terrible . if you want a great point and shoot camera get the canon powershot s50 while they are still available . the camera has pro features , it was so good they stopped making it because it should have been in the pro camera line at a much higher price tag . if you want to see s50 pictures go to [...] and search my gallery cathreen styles . all most all of the pictures in the gallery were taken with the s50. i am going to buy another just to have when mine breaks . by the way , i did end up buy a pro camera , mainly because of the look . i got the canon 30d and love it 
music neg 620.txt i first heard the song on the radio en route to work . i enjoyed it immensely and wanted to know who did the remake . no doubt 's redo of the 80 's hit brought back good memories of the new wave era . but , of course , it does not compare to the original talk talk version 
camera neg 775.txt the night owl optics monocular had a major flaw as soon as i started using it . the system uses high voltage derived from 2-aa bateries . occationally the unit would create a large snap ( arcing noise ) and emit a bright flash of light from the eyepiece . if one is using the instrument , the light actually hurts the eye . i have returned the monocular to night owl for repairs . i do not know the result of the repairs as it is still in transit . they told me to ship it at my expense . another strange requirement of the instrument is that the batteries are recommended to be removed if not used for 24 hours . other than the above , the monocular has performed well . epilogue-night owl optics did repair the unit and returned it . 
music neg 41.txt i wanted to like brotherhood , for the simple reason that nearly every new order fan this side of the galaxy has dismissed it , usually with a faint whiff of snobbery ( or at least apathy ) . turns out they were right : brotherhood is half an album . most of its nine songs feel unfinished , as if the band wanted to cash in on the success of their 1985 smash low-life and did n't care about the end result . brotherhood is a rush job , plain and simple , but there are still glimmers of hope within this bare-bones effort . " as it is when it was " overcomes the album 's overall muddy production by dint of being mostly acoustic , and the melody is quite lovely . " all day long " , the emotional centerpiece of the album by default , is an intelligent ( if half-hearted ) protest against child abuse . while " angel dust " lacks a decent hook , its subtly danceable beat and effective synth noodlings will at least briefly hold your interest . and the toss-off " every little counts " has a charming sense of humor that is too often lacking in new order 's work . the most popular song on brotherhood is , of course , " bizarre love triangle " . so good it seems to belong to a different album entirely , " bizarre love triangle " is truly new order 's masterpiece . the solid beat , slick sequencer work , and gorgeous melody showcase the band at their best : catchy , danceable , and downright euphoric . ( imagine how well it would have fit on low-life . ) sadly , the rest of brotherhood is unremarkable . the album 's production neatly mixes rock with electronic flourishes , which has become new order 's signature sound , but the songwriting does n't measure up . buy the album if you 're a trainspotter , but casual new order fans would be better off picking up low-life or 1983 's power , corruption and lies . this one is just a footnote . 
music neg 221.txt this cd is 100% pure junk ! the cd is sung by kids ! they have high-pitched voices that are n't even good enough to win the school talent show . the other singers are adults who have voices that are n't anything impressive , either . if the songs were sung by the original singer it would of been better . stop this s****y music ! 
camera pos 51.txt this is a good tool , does the job well , and serves the purpose , but is a little overpriced and canon keeps changing connectors , forcing us to buy new accessories which is a wrong practice against the consumer . i give a 4 star because of canon , not because of the product . if you are willing to pay for it , it 's a good product . 
software pos 210.txt previously i owned colorvision 's spyder2 program and was quite satisfied with it . it did not include , however , a program for correcting the printer 's color rendition . the new spyder2pro includes printfix plus . this along with the monitor correction spyder2pro works very effectively . i am very happy with the program . for the price it is a great addition to photoshop editing . the spyder program allows the monitor and printer to show a print that reflects what the user has taken in his digital camera . i have not found any particular negatives about the program . in the past i have used their tech service for fine tuning the program . they were very responsive and helpful . 
camera neg 491.txt this camera took some great pictures , and i enjoyed it 's size and functionality for several months . i was sitting in a lawn chair at a barbecue last weekend when i was passing it to a friend who was also seated . the camera fell about 2 feet onto soft grass . the end . the lens assembly is shot , according to my local camera store , not economical to fix . this was about the softest fall a camera could take , and not work , it was like landing on a pillow . i will not buy hp cameras again 
camera pos 570.txt out of the box this is a simple to use camera . the convenience of having the video or picture right on a hard drive is great . i did a lot of searching and this one was the most bang for the buck . just starting to use it so ca n't say much for now . my wife loved it for its size and weight 
camera pos 303.txt first thing to do is to make sure which lens you are buying . the kit lens comes with canon 20d , 30d , 300d , or xt is the lower version , non usm one . on the higher version usm ones , you will see the red color " usm " at the front of the lens . according to the reviews , compare with the non usm ones , optically they are the same . however , the usm motor does focus faster and much quieter . people complain about the build quality . actually i feel that it is really not that bad , much better than the canon 50mm f1.8 ii . the usm auto focus performance is fast , never hunt , and much quieter than the 50mm f1.8 ii . it fits nicely on the xt . do not compare this hundred dollar lens to other lenses cost three times or more . we have to compare apple to apple . if you know the limitations on this lens and use it wisely , the images will come out nicely . 1. this is not the lens for indoors low light conditions . if you need to take lots of indoor pictures and the flash is not allowed , go get a different lens . ( for example , i use a canon 50mm f1.4 for this kind of situation . ) 2. the distortion on 18mm is quite a bit . avoid taking strait lines ( like buildings ) pictures on the edge while wide open . however , this can be easily corrected on computers . 3. step down the aperture to f8 or f11 , the resolution will be improved a lot even at the corners . overall , the performance is very good for a hundred dollar lens . it is very light weight and highly portable while traveling . this fits my needs as a cheap but fast with good image quality walk around lens . 
music neg 137.txt a lot of people are meriting ja 's credibility on all his albums because he has been able to keep his voice on the airwaves since 1998. so he released his sophomore album rule 3:36 in sept 2000 , that is one of the worst ja albums i 've heard ( not the worst , the last temptation takes that title ) . ja tries to be " gangstafied " on this album but fails terribly . starting with the first single " me & you " thinking his thug style can attract women . i have n't bought the concept in 2000 , and i 'm still not buying it six years later . or how about the flat falling track " f*** you " featuring vita and 01 ? or as many revewers have pointed out that he tries to boast his singing vocals on this album , which seriously damages his creditablity . how about the song " put it on me " before lil mo joined song . sounds wack ( er ) with out her . or how about the late barry white imitation on the song " extacy " ( and thats one of the decent tracks on this album ) . oh and remember when " between me & you " was highly antacipated that you downloaded the single on napster ? well do you remember that the origonal / demo that some of you downloaded did n't have christina millian singing the hook , but had ja singing it himself . thank god that was n't on the album . now there are some listenable tracks on this album that i would like to point out . " 6 feet " is a standout track , and is possibly the best track on this album and my personal favorite . " watching me " is another tight track , as ja spits with a load of energy within him . " i cry " and as mentioned earlier " extacy " are decent at best . other than that , most of the tracks on this album are skippable . overall , a sub medicore ja rule album . most of the 4 and 5 star reviewers are either big time ja rule fans or just in love with mainstream overrated rap ( " put it on me " [remix] ) . to me , this album is nothing else but a pop rap , falsafied thug rap album that just does n't appeal to me . i recommend this to hardcore ja rule fans if they do n't have this already . lyrics : c production : c+ guest appearances : c - musical vibes : d - favorite tracks : watching me , 6 feet , die , extacy honorable mention track : chris black ( skit 
music pos 634.txt ok ( i imagine there 's still drool over my & quot ; earlier&quot ; review...and my wife is none too pleased either.. . ) truth or dare time ! i bought this cd out of none-too-scientifical curiousity , that , and & quot ; let me blow ya mind&quot ; - and guess what ? i 'm beginnin ' to dig the entire cd . as i mentioned , 99 & amp ; 44 / 100th% of & quot ; rap music&quot ; fully explains to me what gregg allman meant when he sang , & quot ; it 's not my cross to bear . &quot ; ok , that being said , eve pulls no punches ( although the & quot ; skits&quot ; on the thing about wet myself laughing ) , and she 's not a lady whom 'd i 'd like to cross . but & quot ; i bought the ticket , so i 'm gonna take th ' ride . &quot ; and enjoy myself mightily while doing so. . 
music neg 948.txt when will artist realize you ca n't change the old classics . the only successfull r&b group to sing the classic " night and day " to their own beat was the temptations cd " what women want " the best rendition i have ever heard . smokey does have the voice for these kinds of songs . another good cd with classics is willie nelson 's stardust 
camera pos 787.txt i purchased a nikon l5 from costco 2 weeks ago but returned it on saturday after i saw the lz-7. the lz-7 is way better in all aspects than the nikon l5 , save for the adjustable zoom in movie mode . pros : takes great pictures ; optical image stabilization ; 6x zoom ; and , great price . it is also made in japan , not china as the nikon l5 is . cons : fixed zoom while in movie mode ; no on-board camera speakers 
music pos 401.txt -unique -highly artistic -creative -more credit to drummers -beatifully polishe 
dvd pos 528.txt i have very fond memories of this short lived irwin allen classic.the picture and sound on the dvd 's is better than i remember.the video transfer is very nice and the sound is crisp albeit in mono.i give volume one of the " time tunnel " five stars for pure television enjoyment.volume one contains the first 15 episodes of the show , the unaired extended version of the pilot , irwin allen 's behind the scenes home movies , visual effects , camera test , still galleries and promotional tv and radio spots.once again it is lacking in cast interviews . many of the actors from this show are still alive , so why did n't the studio interview them for the dvd set ? .it would be a welcomed addition to any release to see the actors today and get their thought 's on the show.my only gripe is that this show only ran for one season , so why split it into two volumes ? .surely the studio could have compiled all 30 episodes into one boxed set at a reasonable price 
camera neg 282.txt why do you need a water house for a camera that is 10m water proof 
camera neg 903.txt bought the camera on a recommendation , and also what looked like good specs on the web . owned it for less than two weeks when the lcd screen cracked ( below the surface of the protective cover ) . turns out this is a very common problem with these cameras . panasonic will not warranty fix this ! if you do get one , or own one , be very careful not to use the left nav button . if you do , be very careful on the pressure you apply . this is the camera 's glass jaw , and you might end up " bricking " a brand new camera . i am replacing mine with a canon 
camera neg 686.txt almost useless ! tried it for several days of photo shoots and finally gave up in frustration . went back to using the viewfinder without this magnifier . professional medical photographer 
music pos 503.txt i recommend this cd to anyone stuck in a rut like i was . listening to the same artists over and over but wanting something new and fresh . life on planet groove will be a welcome addition to your collection . great for the drive 
camera pos 514.txt i gave this as an xmas gift to my 14-yr-old daughter and she loves it . super easy to use . good idea to get a backup battery if you 're like her and forget to charge it sometimes . big selling bonus was that it was thin enough to fit into her pocket 
camera neg 495.txt i 've purchased seven items from amazon in 2005 , so i 'm not a complete rookie . this item 's ad title includes the word " battery " in big , bold letters . i purchased this kit advertised with a " used price " , but " condition : new " . the ad picture clearly shows a battery . i had looked at several ads and did not read the individual seller 's comment " battery missing " in uppercase , though in regular font . to me , a missing part warrants more of a warning than a " comment " . that 's my " lesson learned " , but i still find it confusing to advertise both complete and incomplete kits together under identical ad titles without a prominently displayed warning in big , bold text indicating that the most valuable part is missing . lesson learned : read the whole ad for the specific seller , especially the " seller 's comments " 
music pos 327.txt i love this pretenders album and chrissie always rocks but i love the songwriting skill of billy steinberg & tom kelley . they wrote " love colours " , " night in my veins " and the hit " stand by you " . her follow-up to this , " viva ! el amor ! " also contains three tracks written by them . i purchased this long after its release and was glad i did . steinberg kelley write memorable hooks and good lyrics with interesting chord changes . something not all big names can do on their own and chrissie wisely is aware of this . 
camera neg 333.txt i 've had this camera for 2 years and i am glad that it broke so i can ( in good conscious ) buy a new camera . it is so slow that it is impossible to catch anything but the back of my kids heads as they run away because they got tired of saying " cheese " . i always thought the battery life was sufficient , and that the quality of the images was fine , but i hardly got good shots because of how slow the camera was . i 'd put the shoot button and it would take about 2 seconds before the camera would click . i actually sent it back to the manufacturer thinking there was something wrong with it , but they said it was functioning normally . it was probably the most disappointing $200 purchase i 've made 
camera neg 519.txt i got the dreaded " e18 " error after owning this ( naturally ) for just over a year . repairs will be at least $100 , and repairs are only guaranteed for 90 days...even if the exact same problem occurs again ! this is clearly a design flaw ( just read how many users had the same problem ) . my first photoshot broke after about a year and a half , and since i liked the ease of use and basic design , i chalked it up to bad luck and bought another . big mistake 
camera pos 999.txt it 's great . nice top storage for memory cards and extra battery . compact . perfect for camera size . 
software neg 134.txt this is the first time i have ever reviewed a product and i do it so that no one else will waste their money on this . it adds virtually nothing to xp . too bad they did n't make it as interesting as their packaged media edition . that would have been worth the money , but old bill who does n't want to be the richest man in the world would rather you spend money on a new pc to get that product . the themes are nice but far too few for the price . the games are a gimmick since you have to pay to play the real things . the dj is dumb and the dancers are cute but after a while boring . hard to figure out how to use the music converter and photo stuff . too bad could have been something but in its present form , not worth the money 
music pos 991.txt this is pure inspirational quintessential oteil and the peacemakers . it 's gospel , funk , jazz , rock.. . features his distinctive scatting and amazing bass , a wonderful blend of talent.. . glorious vocals.. . you will not regret this purchase.. . it 's a joy all the way through from beginning to end. . 
camera neg 54.txt the camera takes good pictures as long as you have a steady hand . some pictures come out dark and some shadows on pictures . some pictures come out blurry - no stabalizer . this camera 's randomly broke after about 1 year and i did not drop the camera ( just like another reviewer ) . i bought a sony pda and the same thing happened to that lcd - randomly broke - has a crack across the lcd . of course , sony said it was my fault and that i must have done something to it and refused to honor the warranty on that pda - after 1 month ? since the camera was out of warranty , i knew there was nothing they were going to do . so if you want a decent camera with lousy customer service to support it - go for it ! but if you want a great camera and a great company to support their products , look elsewhere . i used to be a great financial supporter of sony products - monitors , computers , camcorder , memory sticks , etc. i am not buying anymore sony products - i have lost the love for sony and their products ! beware ! canon , here i come ! 
camera pos 891.txt for years now i have been buying " bargain " cameras with the foolish notion that i did not need a nice one . finally , i got sick of it and bought the exilim ex-z600. this camera is awesome . the screen is huge , the picture quality is great , it is easy to use and is sooo small . overall , a great buy . the one downside is that i can only connect it to my computer using the dock . luckily , i have an sd card reader , so i normally just use that to download my pictures 
music neg 82.txt chingy is perhaps the most generic rapper in the world , he is a wack lyricist and all he ever talks about is gettin pu*sy . along with several other wack commercial rappers of recent years he tarnishes the name of hip hop , and because of retards like this non hip hop listeners dismiss the genre as cr*p and talentless ( which is not true ) . jackpot went multi platinum , which speaks volumes about the number of idiots who will buy anything with a tight beat . in fact the beats are n't all that bad , if this was an instrumental this would actually get a higher rating as i would not have to listen to his irritating voice . if you heard right thurr in a club and thought it was tight ( like i did ) , you are wrong , chingy did not produce this album so he deserves no credit for the beats . his lyrics are absolute garbage , what is sad is that a loser like this can get decent production , and some top lyricists have to work with nothing . compared to this album , his follow up powerballin bombed and with any luck it will be the last we ever hear from this loser . find him working at a mcdonalds near you soon ! ! 
camera neg 390.txt this is tough because this camera takes beautiful pictures . and it takes wonderful video . the downloading is easy and in general it 's a " fine " camera . however... . the flash on it is nothing short of a nightmare . it 's constantly over exposing every subject . i find it practically un-usable . the only way i can get the image i 'm looking for in a lower light setting is to set the iso to 800. if it had a 1600 iso i would n't need the flash at all practically but it does n't offer that . the other thing i do n't like that i did n't realize i would n't like is that it does n't have it 's own cradle in which to charge the batteries . the batteries have to be removed and charged seperately . does n't sound like a big deal but it is a pain when you think about it . the batteries lose their charge even when the camera is n't on which results in picking up the camera after 2 days and realizing it has no juice . intensely dissatisfying . this camera also has a really long delay from pushing the button to taking the picture . this results in lots of closed eyes and stupid faces . i know that most digitals have a delay but this one is epic . i am getting ready to sell this camera and buy a canon . i am a wedding photographer and shoot mostly with my canon 5d . but since this was rated camera of the year by american photo ( a publication i trust implicitly ) , i decided to stray from my canon . bad idea . i 'm going right to a powershot . do not pass go . do not collect $200. i reccommend you do the same . 
dvd neg 197.txt i used to think he was great , till i caught the director 's cut of ' das boot . ' all of a sudden you 're confronted with this ridiculous synthesizer music that was n't in the original , and the spell is broken . let 's not even talk about ' air force one . ' now i 've seen ' the perfect storm ' twice , and i own the book , but i still have n't read it because i 'm reasonably sure the book must suck if the movie is this bad . and i 'm sorry new england , but what are gloucestermen anyways , except for great rapers of the high seas ? what will they not do for a buck , you might ask . ok , they are not as bad as the japanese , but they all stalk the world on floating slaughterhouses like there 's no tomorrow . watching this movie definitely made me take fish off the menu . sure you will find excitement aplenty , amped up to eleven . even experience fleeting moments when you might ponder the plight of seafarers throughout history . i even like some of the principal actors , but in the end all they do is make a pretty bad movie slightly more interesting than it should be . this just does n't stand up to repeat viewings . unless you enjoy feeling like a sucker . do you 
music pos 805.txt anybody know the name of the song played at the very end of the movie , when the brother and the sister are saying goodbye to each other , when she is crying and asking him what he is going to do with his life ? right before he enters the bus.. . i would love to listen to it again but i ca n't find it anywhere. . 
camera pos 370.txt this kit is a must have for any of the compatible canon cameras . digital camera rule #1 : always carry a spare battery - the kit is almost worth it for that alone . the leather case is great : stylish looks that provides a tough protective armor in case you drop the camera . the neck strap is quite strong and looks good too . it may not be everyone 's cup of tea but i like it . it comes in handy when i need quick access to the camera and do n't want to fumble through pockets or bags 
camera neg 921.txt at least if your going to decieve people about the lcd screen in the back , at least make the picture quality decent . i mean this barely qualifies as a picture . some pictures are so bright it just looks like a splash of light . this was sickening to me because my daughter was excited and it broke her heart when i had to return it because she expected to at least be able to see the pictures . definatly stay away from this camera 
music neg 71.txt as much as it pains me to say it this live cd is not a worthy billy joel release . in fact one wonders why it was released at all . billy 's voice is strained and is prone to over singing and the arrangements are overblown . from the sound of things billy sounds like he was drunk or on medication . a lot of the running time is waisted with lengthy monologues with the audience . why this was put on the cd is anyones guess but it just neans less songs ! however the good news is that this cd has now been blown away by his superb new 12 gardens cd in which billy is the billy of old . the one who sung well and sung the songs straight as they were meant to be sung . 12 gardens is crammed with 32 songs rather than the 26 on offer here and there 's no timewaisting audience chat ! ! 
camera pos 647.txt amazon is selling this at nearly 50% off ! the eyepieces are great for a beginner and the great case has room for more when you add them . the filters are really cool . 
music neg 566.txt i think someone forgot to tell molotov that rap-metal / rock-rap was dead . had potential , but the simple riffage and annoying rapping killed it for me 
music pos 520.txt this is one of the truly great handel opera recordings of the last twenty years . as usual , nicholas mcgegan proves himself to be one of the two or three greatest handelian conductors of our time . the singing from beginning to end is first class . this opera is known for the famous largo " ombra mai fu , " but the music in this entire performance is a sheer delight 
camera pos 834.txt i have sticked with sony since i got my first digital camera 4 years ago and sony camera has been the moneys worth ! this one dsc-t10 is the one for the parent who is carrying to much already and needs to pack down for a change . it fits in my purse and still have space for more , the only thing to remember to buy a slim fitting case for the camera and an extra battery ( for those kind of battery are not sold everywhere ) you need that one when you do n't thing you need an extra battery , you always run out at the wrong time . i recommend this one 
dvd neg 636.txt this complete waste of 90 minutes is probably the strongest contender ever for a lone-star movie . with cringingly awful acting , laughable special effects ( the ridiculous head in a bucket is a real guffaw moment ) , appalling dubbed dialogue , cheesy music , inconsistent and confusing plot and no tension or atmosphere , the grim reaper is a total disaster . do n't waste your money on this turkey . 
camera neg 852.txt i was down in antarctica when i turned on the camera and it said " lens error " . after a day of missing some of the best pictures of emperor penguins with my 8800 , i twisted the lens and got it to work . the same thing happened to me in bolivia , just after the warranty expired . i called nikon and they insist there is no problem with the camera . do a google search of " lens error " and nikon 8800 and you will find lots of unhappy people with the same experience . this is my third and last nikon 
camera neg 447.txt this dock does not fit the r817 camera . just bought this and the hp r817 and i am very disappointed . the input for the camera is to big for the 817. so do not buy this if you get the 817 **update** this review was written , when the dock was stated to fit the r817 , which has been changed because it does not fit 
camera pos 962.txt this spotting scope from bushnell is an excellent buy if you are an outdoors person or if you like watching the world from your window . you can even view the craters on the moon . plus it 's waterproof and comes with two cases and a tripod . the amazon price is the best deal on the internet 
software pos 259.txt remember....this is a software program and may require you to purchase appropriate hardware to compliment ! pro's : easy to install , somewhat intuitive to use . up and running in no time . imports digital video fairly simply . speed of production is directly related to your equipped home computer . stability of program is strong point . does what it says it can do . did n't make any coaster on first attempts to use . finish product runs well on all dvd players . con's : needs more style templates . needs an imbedded sound translator for music track imports . steeper then normal learning curve with less then optimum manual explanations 
dvd neg 557.txt like many of the reviewers here , i am an anne rice fan . however , i knew that there were going to be liberties taken and was comfortable with them . i mean , few of the " dracula " movies throughout the years have had anything to do with bram stoker 's novel . all i wanted - and expected - was a flashy , no substance guilty pleasure movie , a la " dracula 2000. " that alone should tell you my expectations . but qotd failed even as a guilty pleasure . the storyline did n't make a lot of sense when taken on it 's own , and the acting was bad to bland . i also take issue with the badly-done look of the vampires . rice 's vampires are supposed to be beautiful , whereas this bunch looked like eurotrash or people at a halloween spook house . however , one good thing about this movie is the music videos for lestat . since the videos are included on the dvd , it earns 1 star 
camera neg 719.txt i bought this camera for its great price , good reviews , and overall reputation as a great camcorder for the novice shooter . i returned the camera after three weeks , however , due to abysmal low light performance among other things . the catalyst for purchasing this camera was the impending birth of our first child . i took the camera to the hospital and filmed some of the labor / delivery and follow up . unfortunately , when we returned home to view our footage , much of it was grainy and plagued with shadows and silhouettes . the camera does include a light and a magicpix option , but unless you 're using a tripod , you 're bound to end up with a strobe-light effect ( perfect for recreating " thriller music videos , " but not much help otherwise . ) i also found the image quality with the gs31 to be fairly lackluster and pixilated . granted , you get what you pay for , but i was really taken aback that my 1992 camcorder shot much better footage . that being said , the camera did a lot better in good / outdoor lighting ( albeit still somewhat pixilated ) , and the zoom is incredible . the camera is very light and smaller than i anticipated . in the end , i returned the camera in favor of a more significant investment ( ... ) i will say that amazon did a great job with customer service throughout . also , if you do buy this camera , make sure to buy the dv cable ( firewire for macs ) through amazon or some other online retailer . ( ... 
camera pos 200.txt this is the same charger came with my digital rebel , however , i like to charge two batteries at a time . so , i bought a second charger and place them side by side on the power strip . the prongs for the outlet fold over and into the back of the charger making the charger very compact , flat and easy to take along with you . it 's nice having a charger without long cords to fuss with . 
camera neg 988.txt the first day i took them out to hunt with them they fogged over . i brought them home and there is fog inside . also inside is some dark crap that you cannot get to...and it is on the lens . i called bushnell 's help line and they told me.. . " well , it is n't internally fog proof , just externally " when asked about the stuff on the inside . " that is probably fungus , that sometimes happens " i just bought the binoculars ! ! ! he stated i could send them in and miss my entire hunting season and they would take the fungus out . avoid these at all costs ! ! ! they are a shoddy product with an even worse strap that is plastic and cuts into your neck 
music pos 564.txt to start off i am a huge grateful dead fan and i have prabably about 150 cd 's that cover many years of there carrer . this release is very good and worth buying . it has some great music on it and the price of the album is worth the eyes of the world with branford marsalis on the sax alone . all and all this was among my first bunch of grateful dead cd 's that i got and it got me hooked so do yourself a favor if you are thinking about listening to the grateful dead and you want to hear something from the 1990 era buy this cd . but i would also get something from the 77 era too 
camera pos 178.txt i , like many people , research high-tech purchases before buying because of the complexity of the items and the invariably high cost of some of the items . digital cameras are no exception . i was looking for a replacement for my konicaminolta dimage z1. my requirements were fairly straight forward : the new camera had to have a 10x zoom , no less than a 5mp processing chip , and third , get my photography skills to the point that the camera after this new one could be a dslr . i have read the reviews here on amazon regarding the performance of the s9000 , and while some of them , i felt , were right on , others did not read the professional reviews before purchasing this camera . the intended use of this camera has never been a point and shooter . while the s9000 does possess automatic functions to " streamline " use , these features are whoafully inadequate for the overall optical and proccessing capibilities that fuji strove for in it 's design . let me for clarifications ' sake say this loud and clear : if you want breathtakingly beautiful , clear , vibrant pictures with perfect exposure using this camera , then you must use the manual settings . this is not a point and shoot type of a camera ! ! ! ! ! ! out of the box the s9000 has been a godsend . not only are the images super sharp with no hint of edge fall off that hampers other high res cameras , but the exposure is so perfect that i question my ability for luck . the setups are very easy and the controls and functions are a snap . the white balance and shutter speed settings are not easy concepts to grapple with in potography , and yet fuji has made short work of them with their intuitive design . there really are two photographic miracles at work in the s9000 : one , is the processor that captures detail and color that you feel guilty for paying so little for something that is better than much more expensive equipment , and two , is that the exposure is so good that if i did not know better , i would think that i was using an advanced film slr . this is an absolute rave for this product . the fit and finish are superb , ergos are comfortable and controls easy to find and use , and it fulfilled my need for a camera that would get me ready for a dslr but not be too complex . the only downside to this camera is that it will take time to process the image before exposure , but outside of some dslrs , this is a problem with all digital cameras . it is true that this camera is big and heavy , but then photographic perfection ai n't free . home run fuji ! ! 
camera neg 49.txt you got to have extremely steady hand , or camera stand to use this camaera . during my niece wedding , i put in a 2gb of memory and we were trigger happy , we must have took over couple hundred of pictures , however , i am very unhappy about the result . 3 out of 5 pictures are fuzzy , messy , out of focus . on the other hand , for the pictures that took a few mins to line up and with a very very steady hand , you got a great picture . size is good , weight is a bit on the heavy side for the size , but to some people that 's good quality 
music pos 65.txt okay bryce nickelback yells not screams big difference and wtf sum 41 your kiding right sum 41 does not scream at all and you say " i like music " well you dont know any thing about music and another thing you poser is that limp bizkit is not metal they rap so how can you say that they scream all the time...limp bizkit is the worst band out their they give a bad name to music itself and as for you dont write anymore reviews until you know more about music wich with the information i just got from you that will take a long tim 
music neg 848.txt i have both volume i & ii so could n't resist buying volume iii . the music was good , ca n't complain about good pickin ' like that but i did notice that the original intent of the album is being re-thought it appears and it takes away from the entire concept for me . will the circle be unbroken ii was originally made to showcase the talents of the decendents and family of the original players / singers on vol i . it was keeping the " circle " alive by bringing in fresh new sounds from new generations of musicians of those who played on volume i . tom petty ? ? where does that come in to play ? how does he fit in the circle ? i was amazed that " this ones son " and " that ones son " were invited to play on this album , but the huskey 's ( whom i loved for their bass playing ) were totally ignored this go ' round . junior huskey played vol . i , roy huskey jr. ( junior 's son ) played vol . ii . why was n't roy 's son john invited to play on vol iii ? is n't that the purpose of this album ? to keep the circle alive ? roy huskey jr has 2 sons , one of which is a musician ( not sure about the other one ) . where was he ? given the tradition of the albums , i do n't see how tom petty could possibly be invited over a 3rd generation family musician . i was very disappointed to find the huskey 's not on this album . they were the backbone of the first two . not just the huskey 's , but there are other noticeable 's left out of this album as well . it 's just a shame that such a great concept has gone down the tubes . it seems to me , that in favor of the elite , the circle has most definitely been broken which really takes away from what the album was intended for 
music neg 40.txt having listened to steven 's previous albums , greetings from michigan and seven swans countless times , i cannot help but to notice the amount of regurgitation on this album . stevens blatantly rips off his own music . i consider michigan to be sufjan 's masterpiece . do yourself a favor and start there 
music neg 440.txt i heard that song recently & quot ; three strange days&quot ; ...and i recalled how much i detested it when it came out . overt pandering to tyros in altered states . now i ca n't get it out of my head , and may require a lobotomy . there was a lot of interesting stuff that came out in ' 91 ; but this was n't part of that canon . nice try school of fish . have fun playing the cyo circuit 
camera neg 608.txt my camera has broken in less than one year of owning it . because i received it as a gift i do n't have the proof of purchase so kodak will not fix my camera for no cost . what a lemon the cx7300 is . first of all it takes pictures so delayed you never really get a good candid picture . what 's broken ? i can take one picture before the batteries go dead . i change the batteries , one picture . change the batteries again , one picture 
music neg 889.txt i 'm a hardcore lynch fan and find this album a big dissapointment . i like his older season of da sicc style nott this new stuff . in one song they 're talking about louie vitton , thats not the lynch i kno 
music pos 39.txt it 's been a while since someone has sang the praises of this album . this is a timeless work . it never gets old no matter how many times it is played . i 've had this album for 5-6 years and i pull it out every summer . great music for boating or bbq 's on the deck . i promise you will love it . something everyone should have in their collection 
camera pos 431.txt very easy to install ; great tool for easily downloading photos to computer and removing from camera ; would recommend to anybody 
camera pos 531.txt i bought this together with the sony alpha ( very good deal from amazon ) . the lens is a great complement to the kit lens or the identical but older km 18-70. images are very sharp and the lens is built very well . great for wildlife imaging . the other reviewers are right ; the af is n't too good at the long end of this lens but overall a great camera . the end of the lens does rotate while zooming . it may not be good for some filters 
camera pos 131.txt excellent product.works as expected . like all lens hoods though pricey 
camera neg 718.txt i ordered this digital frame for my husband for christmas , with the assurance from a " tech weenie " that it would work , based on the advertisement found at amazon . still uncertain whether the ad ( also found in philips cursory literature ) is really true . my husband is working with the " phone people " at philips to determine whether it will or will not interface with mac . if it does eventually work , the process has not been easy 
music pos 31.txt i was waiting for this cd for a very long time , i mean i love all greg 's album , they are intense , passionate , but amber headlights is giving me back the soul of the afghan whigs , somenthing i missed a lot for a long time . i love his voice , the way he sing , the way he loves his music . you can t explain the beauty of this cd , there are great rock-blues-love songs:the first time i heard " so thight " it makes me jump up and down my room ( i haven t done it for long time since black love " going to town " ) , then cigarettes ( what a great song , this time i only remember i was singing the chorus with " gentleman " in my hand ) , then " domani " that in italian means tomorrow , kind of greg 's jazz slow song in which his voice is so low that you can t even try to sing like that.then song after song i realized is the best cd i ever bought after so many years . if you don t know anything about afghan whigs and greg dulli then it is time to start to listen one of the best alternative artist of our time . 
camera pos 764.txt i bought this rangefinder for golf . it is small enough that i could keep it in my pocket . it really helps me with the approach shots to the greens . it takes a bit of experience to be able to focus on the flag . i usually use a person on the green as my target . after i got an approximate read , i use the scan mode to find the exact distance to the flag . be careful with the tiny battery cover . it came loose and i lost it on the golf course . fortunately , i recovered it amongst the green grass . the cover is also green . i now put a tape over it to secure the cover . 
camera pos 529.txt bought these batteries & charger just before going on an overseas trip . i did n't want to be bothered with frequently changing aa batteries , which seemed to last only a day or so of heavy use . i was quite pleased with the performance of these rechargeables . they lasted several days of heavy use before needing to be charged and they re-charged in only a few hours . a big bonus that i did n't expect : the recharger is compatible with european 240 voltage so i did n't have to use an electric converter ! 
music neg 888.txt first show on broadway i ever left at intermission . i bought the tickets because i did n't think i could go wrong seeing a show directed by strohman , starring craig bierko who was fantastic in music man and was flat flat flat in this show , and music by harry connick jr. whom i have loved forever . it taught me that everything has it 's place and harry 's place is not a broadway stage . i hope for his sake , he does not try again . if i could rate something at zero stars , this would get that rating 
camera pos 747.txt this is my 5th digital camera . it is the best i have used in this size camera 
music pos 232.txt this is a great cd with many good songs as it is one of my favorites and bruce rules 
music neg 624.txt i was first introduced to the symphonic power metallers formerly known as rhapsody ( name changed due to copyright issues ) on their 2006 live album live in canada . i have to say that i am just not that impressed or entertained by their latest studio effort . the group tends to rely more or the theatrical elements rather than focusing on their metal music . the vocals tend to be oversung , or drowned out by the chaos in the background . rather than enhancing your metal experience with musical theatrical elements , rhapsody of fire puts you to sleep with them . the group does stay true to their fantasy themes however 
camera neg 246.txt el producto es de muy bajas caracteristicas . material barato , zoon de baja calidad , en otras palabras es sumamente inferior a otros equipos que he probado los cuales se encuentran en el mismo rango de precios . kodak tiene una linea de camaras econmicas las cuales paracen ser desechables . no lo recomiedo 
music pos 852.txt i like this album . its got a nice mix of old and new material . along with some live material . great to see pe still at it in this ever changing rap game 
music pos 867.txt this ep is so good , that words cannot do it justice . they thought so too and exercised restraint ( no lyrics ) on this album . it is a departure from the previous album from the vapor of gasoline ( which is also a very good album ) in other ways , too , however ; it features a more delicate production and more intricate interplay between the instruments . the production is such that it highlights the timbre of each instrument and , thus , their interdependency , whereas the previous album seemed content to let everything settle into a murky consistency at various points ( usually when things started to rock ) . ftvog also had the problem of being a bit monotonous ( of course : in the end , you grew to enjoy it for all its shortcomings ) . all the suits began to fall off seems to be flawless , however - a well-rounded tour ; very beautiful , bold and particular . try if you like : john fahey , tortoise , june of 44 , sea tiger , etc 
dvd neg 310.txt this is the first movie i have seen whose rating slipped further the longer it played . " eight women " is the story of , well , eight women , who are trapped by a snowstorm - - all 5 inches of it . the man of the house has been murdered in the night . young and old , black and white , of different classes , the women must try to determine who the killer is . " eight women " is also a movie about secrets , of which everyone seems to have several . the plot has more twists and turns than an alpine road on the tour de france . yet the first 2 / 3 of the film is tolerable , funny and even a bit interesting . the characters are self-interested and fun . there 's dotty old grandma , a prissy , hysterical virgin aunt , the dead man 's vampish sister and coltish young maid , two daughters , a somber yet elegant wife ( catherine deneuve ) and a black cook . plenty of class and age tension to make three movies . did i mention the music ? every twenty minutes or so , one of the characters breaks into song . these are always those stereotypical french songs - - full of longing and sadness and references to sleep and springtime - - that are tedious to american ears . and bizarre . while one character sings , the rest do slow little dances . strange . by the 2 / 3 mark , i was going to give this quirky film 4 stars . but soon , the plot line spun out of control , getting more and more manic until it finally derailed completely with a tragic ending . definitely not recommended unless you are desperate need of a bizarre experience . 
camera neg 341.txt they say 100% compatible but is not , because is not an info ion-litio , so is not a eqivalent battery , dos n't work . do n't expend your money on this stupid batter 
camera neg 281.txt after a week of using this i find the motor noise that others talk about is nothing . mine is a refurbished model from tigerdirect , so maybe the motor was already fixed : - ) my mother in law has a camcorder that sounds like a blender . the zr 500 is ok in low light , but you can adjust the exposure manually to correct if it is n't to your liking . you can also adjust the focus too ! my friend who is a mini dv guru said that in this end of the consumer spectrum this camera is on par . i 've made two practice dvd 's ( with firewire , no problem at all ) with this camera and like what i see . for those of you that have bad motornoise : try your video software to edit the noise out . power director has that feature . i am happy with this product , but i would rather have a higher end model now that i have a bit more in my budget for a camcorder . a great camcorder for beginners ! 
music pos 368.txt i really think it 's simon 's best . this , and perhaps ( in a very different style ) " paul simon . " i 'm just listening to it again after several years...the melodies are intricate , the words are vivid and allusive , the range is astounding . graceland has a wonderful rock-style going on , but i really think this is my favorite . i know a lot of non-simon fans who love this one album . it 's just fantastic 
music neg 843.txt this is probably the worst cd i have ever bought . it had won some award and just bought it without listening to it , hopping that it would be ok . i listened to it and threw the cd in the trashbin . waist of money or just not my kind of music 
music neg 205.txt i 'm mean , i know these guys do n't have a shred of originality. . afterall , that make some of the same crappy beats you can put together on piano 's and they just got to mess up classic songs also . he 's about as good of a musician as he is an actor . this country is just too unoriginal these days 
music neg 305.txt a friend of mine turned me on to spoon , and at first i listened enthusicatically.. . but then i got bored . although spoon 's songs may be catchy at times , they are empty and deviod of any alterations . the same simple drum beat mixed with the same simple guitar riff may be appealing for a minute or so , but in the end i do n't think i 've ever listened to an entire track . if this is 5 star music today , our culture is severely lacking depth 
music pos 952.txt i first heard dan singing background vocals on the jackson browne album " late for the sky " . i was 16. i went out and bought this album ( which i still have ! ! ) even though i had never heard it . i had the pleasure of seeing dan open for the eagles at the spectrum in support of this album in phila , in 1974 ; i was a junior in high school . they all joined in on " best of my love " and it just blew mw away . he had this really interesting piece of cloth on his piano . few people had heard of him prior to this album . this is by far his best album . it is more rock and roll than the rest of his sappy later work in the 80 's and a true songwriting gem . i can remember singing " morning sky " in my friend 's ford on the way to school . you have to listen to it over and over. . " someone 's been tellin ' you stories " had a sly sexual rhyme in it that was not played on radio at that time . the musicianship on this album only serve to enhance the quality of the songwriting . this was the most raw of dan 's albums , and by ar , the most superior . sadly , dan is now fighting advanced prostate cancer ( check out his website ) . let 's hope he will make a full recovery and record and tour again soon . this is a must have for anyone who is a fan of any 1970 's rock and roll . 
camera neg 217.txt this camera will probably go down in nikon 's history as one of its most over-priced and disappointing cameras . i bought mine through amazon from calumet in january 2003. from the start , the colors never looked right , especially the ghastly magenta-toned skin tones . i also bought the sb800s ( 3 of them ) , thinking the cls would be a great addition . but the system uses ir and is unreliable in any situation except very tight environments . the camera has a wonderful feel , viewfinder and reasonably good controls . but the results are disappointing . the sensor is undersized for this class of camera and considering what its competition ( canon ) offers . nikon finally realized this and on dec. 13 decided to dump all these cameras by lowering the price $1 , 200. it just so happened mine was in melville , n.y. , with a long list of issues to be repaired while it was still under warranty . these include bad af performance since upgrading to v2 of the firmware , bad color , overexposure , blurry images with the vr lens and inconsistent color balance from frame to frame even when using a preset value . i would strongly suggest that you do n't buy this camera and thereby reward nikon for producing an inferior product originally sold at a ridiculous price for what it offers . indeed , forget nikon and go to canon 
camera pos 94.txt this camera is excellent one ! ! really when you compare its price and its results and the level of quality you get you will know why this is the best in its category , i 'm getting a very professional results using it with a lot of styles. . highly recommended 
music neg 886.txt jimi hendrix was an ideal guitarist to lead a power trio , and he thrived in that format . he inspired other groups to attempt it , with varying degrees of success . but the experience was a unit , able to soar on stage in extended live versions of hendrix 's compositions . had it not been for the demon of discontent within the trio itself ( that curses so many otherwise excellent bands ) , the experience might have created several more inspired albums than it did before falling apart . the album band of gypsys was jarring upon its release to those of us looking for hendrix to continue to maximize the potential of the experience . at the time , loosely associated groups that traded off lengthy lead parts in a more or less generic old-style blues format were common and certainly not original - - much less cutting edge . it 's true that jimi does some respectable work on this record against the backdrop of the blues grooves supplied for him , but there 's an odd and unwelcome shift in the balance . buddy miles became a kind of intrusion into the world jimi had fashioned in his previous work . on a hendrix album , songs sung by buddy miles did n't move the bar ; they did not elucidate jimi 's universe . buddy 's drum work was simply not in the style of mitch mitchell , and that was a large step down from the experience 's innovative grooves in songs like " fire , " for example . listen to " fire , " and then listen to any cut on " band of gypsys . " listen to hendrix 's wild half-sung , half-wailed vocals on the previous albums , and then listen to buddy miles sing " changes . " you ca n't reconcile the two styles , and that would not be quite so bad if it were n't for the obvious fact that band of gypsys , under buddy miles ' unfortunate influence , were not a step backward toward traditional blues rather than another reach into the future already painted by jimi 's previous work in tracks like " are you experienced ? " and " third stone from the sun . " jimi 's guitar work put him several steps ahead of the blues in terms of making his instrument perform overdriven rock tone poems and distorted rock concertos on his behalf . band of gypsys turned jimi backward into a lead player in a blues band , which one might even have mistaken as being headed up by sideman buddy miles . that 's not what people bought a hendrix album for . it just did n't work very well as a release from what people still considered the hendrix experience . jimi seemed to have gone off track somehow , and the effect was to make him seem a little less what he had been up to that point . no doubt people got smoked up and enjoyed portions of the album that seemed like an intimate studio groove , but the cohesion of the experience , the clear creative identity of the hendrix experience was not there . you can say it was as simple as the fact that we missed noel redding and mitch mitchell , and that may be true . but whatever the line-up , people were not entirely ready for jimi to share his stage with any other would-be featured players . 
camera pos 987.txt [below is my recent review of the jvc everio gz-mg40 , which has a 20gb hard drive rather than 30gb . becase gz-mg50 seems to be identical to gz-mg40 save the hard drive capacity , i thought this review would be useful to those considering to buy gz-mg50.] - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - i have been using this camcorder for almost two weeks now . and here are my impressions : pros : a ) this is a tiny camcorder and i can easily carry it in my pocket everyday . b ) it records directly on a [30gb] harddrive . this is probably the most amazing feature of this camera . it has the following amazing benefits : ( 1 ) a huge recording space ( 2 ) random access to recorded videos when browsing ( through a thumblist of videos ) ( 3 ) super fast transfer onto your computer through usb 2.0. ( 4 ) no tapes , no cds , no dvds to worry about while recording video . ( 5 ) facilitates easy archiving / organizing . for example , all the recorded files on the camera 's harddrive have " creation date " s as a part of their file information . when the camera is connected to your computer , you can sort all files by date and easily separate all recordings by date to different folders by simply selecting and dragging . ( this is extra , but if you want to index and be able to search your video files , say with google desktop , simply enter a list of keywords in the file name about the contents of the file . ) ( 6 ) the harddrive on your camera can double as additional portable storage media - this is unlikely but if you wanted you could even install linux on it and carry with you an operating system on your camera . c ) video quality is good for a consumer level video camera . the sound quality recorded through the internal microphone is good : i can hear the lectures i record very clearly and there is no annoying noise generated by the camera . d ) the charger that comes with this camera is very small . so you can carry that around as well and worry less about running out of battery . cons : a ) no mic jacks . b ) manual focus and light adjustments are done through menus . c ) the editing software that comes with it is limited . d ) the battery life is a mere hour ( but you can buy a 3 hour battery for 70-80 dollars ) . as with all camcorders , the still images shot with this camera are not at the level of quality you can get from a good still camera . it produces reasonable snapshots in well lit situations . the video files recorded by this camera have a " .mod " extension in their name . i replace " .mod " with " .mpg " and most of my standard video viewing software automatically recognize the files 
music neg 737.txt this is not , i repeat not five stars ! in all honesty it 's more like 1.5 or 2 stars and i 'm a big fan of slug & atmosphere.albums like overcast , godlovesugly , the felt project , and the dynospectrum album is much better than this.though the lyrics are thought provoking , but slug has been better , the production does n't hold up.it 's some of the weakest i 've heard from rhymesayers.there 's only a couple tracks that stand out , but i 'd have to say " do n't ever f**king question that " is the best.if you wanna hear slug at his best check out the dynospectrum album.slug spits classic verse after classic verse 
camera neg 914.txt i returned this item . i have not received notice that they did receive it back so i will have to wait and see if my credit card account is credited 
music neg 95.txt yes the game has been missing the constant songs about drugs , girls , cars and jewelery . i tell you juelz really came with an original formula with this album . the stuff he mentions on this one has never been said before and juelz is an innovator as well as the rest of the dipset . lol ! ! ! ! these guys listen to other peoples albums and just reiterate the same stuff in a different song and beat . save your money 
music neg 374.txt the people who have mentioned aphex twin and four tet have clearly never listened to either of these artists . if you liked the stone roses you will like this . it 's not an ' electronic ' album at all . i 've ordered manitoba 's earlier cd after listening to the samples ( the reason for purchasing both these albums ) and i certainly hope it sounds nothing like ' up in flames' . it 's funny , i promised myself i would never buy an album again without listening to it and yet it seems that samples on the net can be misleading , either that or dan snaith has had a serious identity crisis in the last few years 
music neg 518.txt ana carolina is a good singer and seu jorge is a cult culture figure here in brazil , but this cd is a mistake . do not spend money on this 
music neg 286.txt if you like early priest , buy genocide . it has both rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny in their entirety ( the only thing it does not have is the original album artwork ) . not leaving out important tracks like the ripper , for pete 's sake ! ! ! how could you leave out the ripper ? and what about island of domination ? i feel sorry for anyone that bought this that is unfamiliar with priest . they got jipped and did n't even know it . these are my favorite albums by priest and i hate to see them butchered like this.. . and what about the order of the songs ? why would they mess with that too ? do youself a favor and buy either genocide , or if you like to have the original artwork , buy rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny seperately 
music pos 581.txt eloy ( name taken from h g well ` s time machine ) is a german atmospheric , progressive art rock band that was formed back in 1969. through the years , personal wise , the band has totally turned over , in some positions , several times . their originator frank bornemann ( guitars / vocals ) has persevered , presiding over a three decade band , that has turned out some of the best progressive rock music , i 've had the fortune to hear . ocean ocean , their sixth album , released in 1977 , is a concept album , depicting the rise and fall of atlantis . though there are only four tracks , they average almost eleven minutes each . many eloy aficionados point to this album as their ` tour de force' . it is excellent , but as far as i 'm concerned , based on what i 've heard so far , there is no album that stands heads above the others . overall , ocean has an atmospheric ambience reminiscent of hawkwind or a more unknown band that i once reviewed named ship of fools . it also reminds me jeff wayne 's , war of the worlds . track listing 1. poseidon 's creation ( 11:38 ) **** has a long droning medium pace and a whinny guitar intro . at the 4:40 mark , bornemann finally begins the vocal . there is quite a lot of guitar playing on this song , augmented occasionally by the synth . 2. incarnation of the logos ( 8:25 ) **** has an atmospheric vocal beginning . the song does n't seem to have much of a melody until the 3:40 mark when the synth / organ takes over with a pleasant one , assisted by some percussion and a bell now and then . 3. decay of the logos ( 8:15 ) *** the shortest song at eight minutes seems a little jerky at first with more monologue than music . when it does get going after about three minutes it 's still jerky in a medium paced beat . strong synth playing through the middle . 4. atlantis ' agony at june 5th - 8498 , 13 p.m. gregorian earthtime ( 15:35 ) ***** this is a monster song . it is like nothing i 've ever heard . except for a fifty some second monologue at the beginning , " atlantis.. . " starts with a truly intriguing eight minute plus instrumental intro . not just any intro , like you 're used to , with a full orchestra and violins . no this is an spacey atmospheric intro that would make the great pink floyd , envious , with the propitious use of ghostly sounds and special effects segueing into an amazing five minute organ bridge , with no beat just the hammond a few side effects and you . no it does n't get boring . instead it sets you up for the vocals , which issue forth at about the eight minute mark . slowly the rhythm section establishes a slow beat , while the singer does a great imitation of bob dylan , with a remarkable spacey synth breaking in between the vocal . but we 're not done . with about two minutes left , the band picks up the tempo to a medium fast tempo ( the first time i ` ve heard them play at this speed ) . now the violins join in with the guitar and synth for the finale of this great finale . total time : 43:53 line-up - frank bornemann / guitars , vocals - klaus-peter matziol / basses , vocals - jrgen rosenthal / drums , percussion , flute - detlev schmidtchen / keyboards , mellotron , xylophone , voice - the boys of santiago / chorus ( 1 ) conclusion one of the factors , i find appealing about this band , is that in the span of three decades , they managed to present a style of music which was compatible with each era , so listening to their albums from different periods gives us a window into the progressive music of various time periods . eloy 's musical tempo almost never exceeds medium and on ocean tends to be more in the medium slow range . listening to this and other eloy albums i hear influences from numerous other bands . like many prog bands i hear pink floyd but i also hear uriah heep , moody blues and bob dylan ( really , on track four ! ) 
camera pos 745.txt the best buy in the marketplace . it easily fits into my suitcase for travel...the level works nicely and very sturdy for as light as it is 
music neg 703.txt triple h ( as fed up ) : i love britney , she is so pretty and nice and so on . shawn michaels ( as hellraiser ) : anyone who hates her are just jealous ! triple h : well , we got some news , britney is nothing but an ugly redneck piece of trailer trash . shawn michaels : this no-talent hack is a washed up skank whose career sank . triple h : this chick is a skank , unlike my wife stephanie mcmahon who looked good whilst carrying my first child ( i just had a daughter ) . shawn michaels : britard on the other hand is one ugly airbrushed , lying hypocrite . d-generation x says if you are not down with dx and you choose to be down with britney and her blind sheep fans , we got two words for ya ( crowd yells s*ck it ) 
music pos 41.txt there are some amazing moments on this record . i find myself freaking out to three songs in a row , and waiting for the fourth song to end . the de la collaboration is weak ; it 's got the great wild-style instrumental but the chorus is obnoxious . some of the more r&b-toned tracks fall flat in my opinion . 
music neg 16.txt " maiden voyage " appears on innumerable lists of jazz masterpieces , and it is clear from the first listen that both the composition and the playing are at a level of technical proficiency unmatched on most albums of this era or any time afterward . nevertheless , the finished product is not one that all listeners will find appealing . to these ears , this album seems aimless and even somewhat annoying . the songs meander without clear structure and tony williams ' drumming seems at times to be going in a direction opposite that of the rest of the band . the influence of this album is indisputable , but its enjoyability is a more subjective matter . if you enjoy groundbreaking , cerebral jazz such as the music made by miles davis ' second quintet , then this album will probably work for you . if , on the other hand , you favor hancock 's earlier and more accessible albums " takin ' off " and " my point of view , " this album may be a bit of a letdown 
music pos 636.txt this record is a must from the middle of the 50 's . excellent singer , very good musicians and an excellent recording . this record is still amazing and seems to sound very modern due to the quality of the recording and the mastering . i recommend this record to all rock and roll fan 
music neg 319.txt this album was one of my biggest " mistakes " ( bought it 3 years ago ) . it 's childish songwriting and really not good enough for an alternative-rock-band . better you buy instead : up the bracket ( the libertines ) or some strokes-stuff. . 
camera neg 331.txt it is hardly one month old and the pockets on the sides have already started coming off . it is not the stuff that i expected froma brand name like panasonic 
camera pos 157.txt canon has three digital cameras for $2 , 500+. the 1ds mark ii , the 1d mark iin and the relatively new 5d . i chose canon over nikon ( which i 've shot most of my photographic life ) because of canon 's more impressive suite of lenses . here 's the decision process i went through . as with most products , it comes down to how you 'll use it . all of them have tradeoffs . 1. megapixels . more pixels - with a few caveats - translates into an image that can be enlarged ( and cropped more tightly ) with less deterioration . the 1ds is the market leader at 16.7mp , the 5d comes in at 12.7mp and the 1d at 8.2mp . if you 're a commercial art or magazine photographer the 1ds probably makes sense . if you 're a wedding photographer , the 5d is probably the sweet spot . in practice , however , the difference in pixels between these cameras will not make an appreciable difference for most people . at 8.2mp , you can make an 11x17 print at 200 pixels / inch without any enlargement beyond the camera 's native resolution . up to that size , you certainly wo n't see much difference in prints from the three cameras . that said , the higher megapixels of the other cameras gives you more extreme cropping lattitude . 2. full frame . the 1ds and 5d are full frame - that means the sensor in the camera will capture the view of the scene that you 're accustomed to seeing with your 35 mm film camera . the 1d and most digital cameras have what is called a field of view crop factor ( fovcf ) . for the 1d , it 's 1.3x . what that means is that both the viewfinder and the image sensor do n't capture everying the lens is " seeing " - it crops the view in a little tighter . the result : your lenses are effectively 1.3x longer . a 70 mm lens becomes a 91 mm lens and so on . because the camera is effectively " cropping " the edges of the image that the lens produces , it also tends to eliminate the softness or vignetting that appears at the edges of some lenses . whatever camera you use , what you see in the viewfinder is still what you get , and it does n't affect the pixel resolution of the image . my 300 mm lens with a 1.4x extender and a 1.3x fovcf is effectively a 546 mm lens - getting into birding territory . ( if you 're switching from film to digital , some of your lenses may may no longer fit your needs with the focvf . your 35 mm lens is no longer really a wide angle at 45 mm . ) 3. durability . this was most important to me , though it may not be for someone who does n't shoot in extreme conditions or expects to replace their camera in two years . both the 1ds and 1d sport complete metal bodies , sealed against the weather with a shutter that will last at least 200 , 000 cycles . the 5d - a very solid camera - is designed for 100 , 000 , is not weather sealed and has more plastic components . 4. weight / size . what a solid , metal body giveth in durability it taketh away in weight . for those who prefer a camera with heft , these have it . for many people , this is a big drawback . the 1ds and 1d are 43 oz . , or almost three pounds for just the body , without the big battery . add the battery and you 're at 54 oz . the 5d is just 29 oz . and 31 oz . with battery . the 1ds and 1d , with built-in vertical grips , are also more than 2 inches taller . if you 're looking for something less obtrusive and easier to carry around , the 5d is it . 5. speed . there 's a reason the 1d is the camera of choice for photojournalists , sports and many bird photographers . it shoots at a smooth 8.5 frames per second , compared to 4 fps for the 1ds and 3 fps for the 5d . for most day-to-day uses , 3 fps is more than adequate . from using both , i 'd say the 1d autofocuses a bit faster , too . the 1d has 45 autofocus points , compared to nine for the 5d . 6. price . give or take a hundred here or there , the 1ds is about $7 , 200 ; the 1d about $3 , 900 ; and the 5d about $3 , 000. price will determine whether you get the 1ds or not . if you can afford it , go for it . otherwise , other features - or the possiblity of buying more lenses instead of more camera - will make your decision . what did i decide ? first , i looked at how i 'd use the camera : photojournalism , travel and wildlife photography . the higher fps was not as important to me as durability and autofocus speed , so either the 1d or 1ds would do . in the end , i decided i 'd rather spend the money on lenses that would not be obsolete with the next new and improved camera . ( i bought the 300 f / 2.8 is for close to the difference in price . ) so , i went with the 1d mark iin . if my camera was generating some good cash flow or my wife did n't need a new car , i 'd probably have gone with the 1ds . i 'm very happing with the decision and the camera . for most people and most uses - general portrait , landscape and travel photography - the 5d is probably the way to go . ( or perhaps the next greatest camera that canon will announce later this year . 
music neg 295.txt even as a joke , this would be horrible ; however , i think this band take it seriously - and it blows ! i picked up this cd because i heard a.r.e. were like a combination of suicide , front 242 , and iron maiden : interesting . no ! ! a.r.e. are a bad imitation of front 242 and watered-down liars at best . the guitar riffs are awful and the lyrics are even worse . example : " hey world " begins with how much it sucks to be 13. when i saw pelican in concert , they were opening ( ? ! ? ! ? ) for a.r.e. , so i decided to give them a second chance . the sound guy must not have liked what he heard , because the bar chatter was louder . " louder " i yelled , so that i might find something redeeming in their music . " yeah , suck louder ! " someone else yelled - i had to agree & give him a high-five . maybe i would have liked this when i was 12 and did n't know any better . zero stars 
camera neg 105.txt good : motor drive speed . grip feel . takes nikon lenses . reacts fast to pressing the shutter release . bad : skin tone renditions a color other than skin . white balance does n't balance well . noise at anything above iso 200 , looks like 3200. cf card door tough to open . screen fogs if you breathe when you shoot . battery cover is not part of the battery . button placement not as intuitive as on the d100. 4.1mp allows for virtually no cropping of enlargements . dumped mine a month after i got it 
camera neg 104.txt this camera will probably go down in nikon 's history as one of its most over-priced and disappointing cameras . i bought mine through amazon from calumet in january 2003. from the start , the colors never looked right , especially the ghastly magenta-toned skin tones . i also bought the sb800s ( 3 of them ) , thinking the cls would be a great addition . but the system uses ir and is unreliable in any situation except very tight environments . the camera has a wonderful feel , viewfinder and reasonably good controls . but the results are disappointing . the sensor is undersized for this class of camera and considering what its competition ( canon ) offers . nikon finally realized this and on dec. 13 decided to dump all these cameras by lowering the price $1 , 200. it just so happened mine was in melville , n.y. , with a long list of issues to be repaired while it was still under warranty . these include bad af performance since upgrading to v2 of the firmware , bad color , overexposure , blurry images with the vr lens and inconsistent color balance from frame to frame even when using a preset value . i would strongly suggest that you do n't buy this camera and thereby reward nikon for producing an inferior product originally sold at a ridiculous price for what it offers . indeed , forget nikon and go to canon 
music neg 299.txt not particularly musical ; only 1 good track ( blues for miles ) .. 
camera neg 493.txt thought i 'd died and gone to heaven ; this lens was everything i wanted and more . three weeks after receiving it we went to the grand canyon , and on the way home it suddenly quit doing the focus - now it does a focus dance , clunking and whirring and never coming to rest anywhere close to focus . it 's not my d70 , which still works wth other lenses . this one 's going back to it 's maker ! if they fix it , i 'll revise this review 
music pos 364.txt as a fan of both celtic traditional and bluegrass music i was wary of a cd claiming to be a hybrid - too often it means an unsatisfactory compromise where original flavours become watered down and insipid . i need not have worried - tim o'brien has produced one of the most amazing and rewarding musical journeys i 've followed for some time . not only do the players from the two traditions blend instinctively and harmoniously but the tracks , mostly songs , are marvellous vehicles for new and exciting directions . there are superb performances all round , vocally from o'brien with guests paul brady , maura o'connell , kathhy mattea , del mccoury etc and musicians altan , frankie gavin , jerry douglas , earl scruggs , seamus egan and a host of others and the sound is fresh , acoustic and vital , requiring no production gimmicks or effects . standout songs for me personally are & quot ; mountaineer is always free&quot ; , & quot ; lost little children&quot ; , & quot ; wandering&quot ; and & quot ; john riley&quot ; although there is not a weak track on the cd . it is obvious that for tim o'brien this has been a labour of love . if you like acoustic music , from any tradition , either side of the atlantic , you 'll love it . several of my friends have bought it on my recommendation and agree it is brilliant 
music neg 512.txt i feel that a lot of bands were good in the 90's . this band was one of them . while yes , they were a bit poppy and sellout-ish on americana and conspiracy , they still had enough bad@ss in them to put on a rad song . i think they should have just did a " da hui " single with " the noose " and maybe " cant get my head around you " on it . this sucks really bad . it makes the average conspiracy of one look like a bad religion album ! ! if you must hear , download or borrow . please guys . quit or make good music . its pretty pathetic hearing " hit that " next to the godawful creed and nickelbland ! ! so we go from a punk-ish hard rock band that is inspired by tsol and the damned and plays punk shows with pennywise to this...a corporate radio rock album that is loved by teenybopper frat boys and the mtv mindless 
music neg 528.txt is this the same kool keith that created dr. octagon , dr. dooom , and black elvis ? & quot ; spankmaster&quot ; represents a regression of creative energy . it sounds like keith decided he wanted to make a record one morning and whimsically threw together some tracks . it contains little of the genius of his earlier cds . with the exception of a couple songs ( & quot ; jewelry shine&quot ; and & quot ; blackula&quot ; ) , this album stinks 
camera pos 901.txt this is a great buy if you are just wanting to have some fun , with no real investment . although it does go beyond 17 feet , and that is not as far as you may think . but , i used it while snorkeling and the pictures turned out great , and i am sure a few were more than 17 feet . 
camera neg 363.txt i 've owned this camera a little over a year . it was my 2nd digital camera . it always had focus issues in low-light . i thought it was me , but after working extensively with the manual , after i finally had some time , i discovered that it was the camera . you really need a tripod for those low-light shots . i was n't able to return it , so i 've taken hundreds of pictures with it . it takes beautiful pictures with good light and has a really nice size screen . however , the lens will no longer contract and i get an error message that is unresolvable unless i pay at least $170. i 'm just going to get a better quality camera . i will not buy sony again 
music neg 641.txt she does sound like a goat bleating . yodeling . it 's a shame , really . 
camera pos 226.txt from a pure image quality standpoint , this lens will not please the pixel peepers . on the wide end of the zoom , which i personally use more often than the telephoto end , this lens is not very sharp , and it suffers from fairly bad distortion . worse than that , for me , are the chromatic abberations ; this lens is quite prone to significant ca when shot at the wide end , which can look a lot worse than a little bit of distortion or softness . given the price of this lens , one should expect a higher level of optical performance . the maximum aperture of this lens is not very large , being f / 4 on the wide end , and f / 5.6 on the telephoto end . the image stabilization makes up for this some , as you can comfortably shoot at much slower shutter speeds than otherwise , but , let 's be honest here ; this lens is a poor performer if you want to shoot in low light with no tripod . the small aperture makes for a dark viewfinder , which can be a very big problem if you are trying to compose a picture in the dark ( using a tripod ) . yet , i still gave this very imperfect lens four stars , and this is not without reason . first of all , the focal length range is quite handy . it is n't a mega-zoom that does everything , however , it covers the most often used focal length ranges , and is an appropriate lens to use for the vast majority of situations . the little bit of extra zoom on the telephoto end is handy on occasion , and it 's also worth noting that the lens sharpens up quite a bit when you zoom in some - it might be soft on the wide end , but zoomed in , it 's quite good . i have printed as large as 20x30 " using this lens on a digital rebel , and have no qualms with the results . yes , there are sharper lenses out there , but you are a lot more likely to see the difference in sharpness on your computer monitor than in a print . this lens has ring usm , which enables it to focus very quietly , and very quickly , whereas the slightly cheaper ( and f2.8 ) options from the 3rd parties have normal focusing motors that are slow and noisy by comparison . if you want to use this lens indoors , you are best off getting a flash to go with it , such as a 430ex . the lens is usable in fantastic indoor lighting , or during the day , but wo n't give you good results in low light with no flash . if you will be shooting in lower light situations ( people in particular ) , tamron and sigma have some good options in the 17-50mm range with f2.8 apertures , and i would recommend those lenses over this one . if you 'd prefer the extra telephoto range , the image stabilization so you can shoot with smaller aperture in poorer lighting situations for greater depth of field ( instead of needing to shoot a landscape at f / 4 , for instance , without image stabilization , you could use f / 11 on this lens , and get a sharp picture with better depth of field . this is even more useful in the close focus range - while this is n't a true macro lens , if you take closeup photos without a tripod , you will want to stop the lens down for greater depth of field , and the is helps with that quite a bit . overall , i 've been fairly pleased with the performance of this lens . if you like to worry about splitting hairs , and zooming all the way in on pictures on your computer , this lens is likely to dissapoint you . if , however , you are willing to sacrifice optical perfection to get a very well rounded , useful lens , then i 'd recommend it , however , would also recommend that you consider the 3rd party options , as they are also great lenses , and do offer a somewhat better value 
music pos 416.txt this cd is a must for any horn player or lover of the instrument ! cerminaro has tremendous technique and extremely sensitive mucicality . en 
camera neg 865.txt i bought this over the sony and i regret it . i get a tape eject error every time i try to rewind . i can only rewind at 10 second intervals before i get an error message to eject the tape and do the same thing over again . that 's a long time to rewind a 60 minute tape . many canon users are having this problem and the only way they address the problem which is clearly a mechanical problem is to charge a ridiculous price to send it off to be repaired . canon needs to own up to this problem and have a recall on the item . i will never buy canon again after they have turned a blind eye to a serious problem 
camera neg 978.txt i feel that it is just way too much money for what you get . i own a lot of professional ( canon ) equipment and gladly paid the price because they are the best things out there . but it makes little sense to market a marginal product and still expect to command a high price . i have the s80. no complaint there . the leather case was just way too tight , which invites a fumble as you try to pull out the camera . the flap issue is an issue . the neck chain is a bit short , and similar and better items can be had for a lower price . if you shop around you can also find the li battery for less . i 'm not upset , but just disappointed with what i got for the price 
music neg 202.txt i cant believe there are so many positive ratings given to this sub-par testament release . testament must have taken hints from metallica and tried to attract a different audience . this is not a horrible album , but compared to any other testament album , it is easily their worst . only the die-hard testament fan , or those into commercial metal should pick this up . 
music pos 557.txt nas ' street 's disciple definitely has plenty of memorable / outstanding cuts on it . nas sounds very confident and his lyrical skill is prevelant throughout both discs . the subject matter varies which is way cool in that , it delivers to all audiences of his fans . every nas fan will be doing themselves a huge favor by supportin him and pickin this up today . a 
music pos 936.txt i own a lot of waylon jennings albums but i have to say , i find myself playing this one on 9 out of 10 times . if you want to buy just one waylon album this is the one to own , the recording quality is brilliant for a live album and the music is alive . simply great , i ca n't say enough good things about this cd 
music neg 949.txt ignore the unique cover , clever song idea ( there is 30 ) which represent a comic book . ignore all that . it simply is not good . what is this ? i dont even know how to describe this music . it 's not even songs , but more a bunch of really short experimental , non-sensequel , inerworkings of annoyance . they will start off with a riff as if they are going on to a song , but its only a tease , until they stop and go slow , to say , " get on with it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " add a bunch of zany sound effects , not to mention the recurring anoyance of a high pitched voice ringing out , sci-fi clips and completly hoarse vocals that are screams , and sounds , that add up , to one of the most pointless albums ever put out 
music neg 592.txt do n't think dale can play a song the same way twice . did n't like the selection of songs nor the way they produced . 
camera pos 89.txt this lens has gotten some bad reviews , i think , partly because it is starting to show it 's age . this was the first usm is lens , and the technology has really grown since then . if canon were to come along with an updated 75-300 usm is lens , man , it would blow everything away . that being said , yes , this lens is a little slow to focus . but , if you are not using it for work like one of the professional sports photographers you see on the sidelines at baseball games , you should be okay . it also could use an extra stop ( or two , or three ! ) because when you are handholding , you need that aperture to be as open as it can be . all of this aside , i really have gotten some gems of pictures out of this lens . it lets you get as closer then you possibly could hope for . if you have asteady hand and plently of availible light , you can get some really nice shots . if you are in a low light situation.. . you will need a tripod . the is of lens works.. . pretty good , but i have had a number of ever so slightly blurry pictures that would n't have been had there been some more aperature room to play with . all in all , its a good starter telephoto lens , especially for digital slrs since it really extends the zoom on those . its great for the price , and when you decide to upgrade to one of those white canon l beauties , just sell it 
camera pos 779.txt while not on the ' highest end ' of tripod purchases , this one is a must for anyone owning a hdr-hc1 or other compatable camcorder . operating the camera from the tripod ( rather than the touch screen ) provides steady footage for the amatuer videographer . the unit assembles easily and has stable panning and rotation . the only drawback is the soft storage bag which does n't provide adequate head protection 
camera pos 678.txt this is a good battery and lasts for a long time . good value 
camera pos 27.txt do n't listen to the reviews that claim that this lens is not a good choice for cropped sensor cameras ( ie the 20d , 30d , rebels etc ) the canon l lens are the best and this particular lens is no exception . i have had the lens for less than 24 hours now and am in love with the sharpness and color already . great lens , great color , so well built , super sharp , just watch out if this is your first l lens , you 'll be hooked . this is a lens you will have for many years , great investment 
camera neg 847.txt this is an awesome little camera . except that you ca n't use it at night ! there are horrible white spots in nighttime photos when the flash is used . apparently these appear because the flash is so close to the lens in this camera , and so dust reflects badly . it 's a known problem [...] also , it 's totally annoying that sony uses all their proprietary technology . as a result , the cable for connecting this camera to the computer is unwieldly ( uhh , have you heard of usb ? ? ! ! ) , and you have to buy a sony memory stick , which probably wo n't work with anything else you have . on the flipside , you can take movies that are n't limited to 30 seconds with this guy - i think that might be a result of the memory stick technology . but other than that , the design and operation of this little guy seems pretty slick . the lens is not one of those that pops out , so not sure if that affects image quality at all , but as far as i could tell , quality was good . in the end , what good is a camera that ca n't take usable pictures with its flash ? ? 
dvd pos 347.txt this re-telling of the so-called " zoot suit riots " that rocked the los angeles homefront during world war ii gets the facts right , but tells them rather poorly . part of it is the super-stagey presentation , which basically is a filming of the play this was based on ( right down to the shaking props and backdrops ) and which takes little advantage of the possibilities of the film medium . plus , edward james olmos is absolutely insufferable as the uber-symbolic voice of the barrio , although daniel valdez and tyne daly ( ! ) are okay in their respective roles as a young man railroaded by the white establishment for a crime he did not commit , and as the commie agitator who comes to his defense . anyone interested in the time period and in chicano politics may benefit from watching this - - i rented it while doing some reseach on the " pachucho " r&b music scene - - but in dramatic and filmic terms , this is not a first-rate production . it 's hammy and ham-fisted . latter-day star spotting : el teatro campesion veteran robert beltran ( of future " star trek voyager " notoriety ) has a bit role as a modern-day audience member. . 
music pos 169.txt i 'll have to accept that even tough i 'm not a great fan of this band they have impressed me with this new release , the lyrics are in some cases very deep and in songs like evil angel they can touch you right there . for me the band has progressed a lot and you can tell that in this album , it 's very melodic and more mature . also the acoustic version of " the diary of jane " is amazing . i personally recommend the songs " breath " , " evil angel " and my favorite " dance with the devil " 
camera neg 681.txt i purchased this camera for a friend to use in hawaii . we had nothing but problems getting it to wind properly and the pictures both on land and underwater were all blurred and my friend was very unhappy and i was frustrated . i do not know if this is just a bad camera or what 
camera neg 603.txt dsc series camera all have a ccd imager defect that will leave screen blank after you use the camera for 2 or 3 years . ( do a google search . you will find out what happened . ) sony knew this problem years ago . but refuse to fix it . they will wait until the camera fail and then charge you $300 to fix it . that 's what happens to my dsc-f717. ever wondering why dell , hp etc all recall sony battery for laptop , but sony did not recall their own laptop battery ? sony will never fix their own problem . we the customer have to pay for their mistake . 
dvd pos 49.txt this is a great show and very entertaining . the story is n't the greek classic , but it 's a fine riff on it . the songs are good , and they grow on you as you watch . i take issue with the reviewer who thought there was gratuitous sexuality in the meg character - it 's just a cartoon , for pete 's sake . like some other reviewers , i was also annoyed with michael bolton singing " go the distance " over the end credits , but this dvd has a music video of the spanish language version , " no importa la distancia , " sung by ricky martin , and it is killer ! this one is well worth the money 
music pos 446.txt building a library of oldies to listen to just would n't be complete without this album . 
camera neg 638.txt i ordered this tripod , and it arrived broken . the assembly to which a camera is attached is made out of plastic . i asked for an rma order via e-mail , and they only gave me an address to mail it back to with a ' copy of the invoice . ' being lazy about mailing things back , and since it was cheap to begin with i tried repair it myself . where it broke ( the three plastic rings on the camera mount ) , it was impossible to re-glue , because of the torsion placed on those rings with any sort of pressure . even if your tripod arrives un-broken , it will likely break the first time you drop it on the camera mount from any height at all . 
camera neg 160.txt from reading the other reviews , i seem to be one of the few to have mechanical issues with my a530. within a month after buying it , the lens cover began remaining half closed when the power is turned on . i have to manually flick open the shutter / cover . then , the flash began intermittently malfunctioning and now the zoom function will only work in one direction ( that is , it works to " zoom in " on something , to zoom back out i have to turn the camera off and back on . to my knowledge , the camera has not been dropped or otherwise physically abused to cause these problems . i 'm disappointed because i do like the photos that the camera takes when it does function properly . fortunately , i bought it at costco , so it 's going back . 
music pos 917.txt when this album first came out , i felt jilted . but i recently had an oppertunity to listen to it for what it is and i think its a great album . make no mistake , if you 're a die-hard 80 's rocker , you 'll hate this album . the production is raw , and the songwriting is lean and mean as opposed to elaberate and detailed . but that does n't mean that the musicianship is lacking on this record . if you can keep an open mind , i think this ablum is one that you 'll love 
music neg 61.txt this album is the worst dcfc album , why........ . ill tell you why its boring , its repetitive , its way to mellow and im all for mellow but this is ridculous . i mean this is the type of mellow that puts people to sleep , especially the last track . oh my god ! ! ! that song is sooooo boring , its called stability and it will put you to sleep . i am a fan of dfcf and i loved their other albums we have the facts , plans , etc.... . but honestly this album did not click with me . i tried listing to the songs again to see if i would probably grow accustome to it , but no that didnt work . sure this album has its moments , but trust me when i say your not missing out on anything . i would not buy the album , instead buy the 2 stand out songs off itunes or napster ; a movie script ending and we laugh indoors . the only 2 stand out tracks 
music neg 893.txt it seems that even the best bands have only a finite number of great melodies in them , and the flower kings exhausted theirs in their first four cds . here we have yet another double-helping of their ageless wisdom , strewn across two cds to our fiduciary detriment . though not as crass and offensive as stolt 's " wall street voodoo " or bodin 's " i am " , this is nevertheless lyrically naive to the level of silliness . there are a few good instrumental passages mixed in this release , but not enough to justify its purchase . stolt said in a recent interview something to the effect that " ...peace & love never go out of fashion.. . " well , neither does informed maturity , and you wo n't find any of that in this group 's recent output . just more utopian preaching and good vs. evil typecasting . their liner notes advocate sending money to greenpeace and amnesty international , but i would counter that any american would be better investing their extra cash at st. jude 's children 's hospital . i 'm going to sell my copy of " paradox hotel " , and probably several more flower kings cds , to do just that . there are some sick children out there who need our support and encouragement far more than these would-be hippies 
camera neg 76.txt after owning three other canon cameras i am through with canon . all my other cameras were fine . this cameras lcd broke within the first month of normal use . never dropped ! all of my other digital cameras held up for years . ive had two powershot s50s 1 lost and 1 stolen . never had a problem and those were both dropped numbers of times . this is a product defect / design flaw and canon will not cover it under warranty . $150.00 to get it repaired and it will happen again , or you may start getting the e18 errors . this is a expensive paperweight ! poor design . very dissapointed . i will never buy another canon product again 
camera pos 496.txt i have enjoyed using my camera . i have been able to get some great pictures . the stabilization feature work well 
music neg 647.txt made another bull**** album . honestly i did n't hear this whole album . about 5 years ago i was ridin wit one of my boys and he played this cd . oh my god for the first time in my life i wished i was deaf . i see the reason why her albums sell though . cause its her looks and nothin else . she 's not ugly at all to me . she just ca n't sing . but she can livin up a crowd . i 'm just waitin to see her and 50 cent doin a song together , two of the worst people in music , millionaires . go figure 
music pos 49.txt nothing at all like boy-band cds ( insync , backstreet boys , etc like editorial compared it to ) . while some of the songs are over-processed and do n't allow clay 's strong , clear , and beautiful voice to shine through enough , it is overall a very good cd . it has some catchy tunes on it . his second cd , merry christmas with love , allows his wonderful voice to shine through even more 
music pos 78.txt the four seasons have always been one of my favorite groups . i think frankie valli has one of the best voices in the world and without the doubt the greatest falsetto in existence , and the rest of the group had harmonies that only the beach boys could match . nd for band that has had as any hits as them are destined to have a barrage of greatst hits collection . up until now , i always felt the best way to obtain all the four seasons ' best songs was by getting rhino 's single disc " the very best of the four seasons " . well , i was wrong . " in season : the frankie valli and the 4 seasons anthology " is the definitve four seasons collection . on these two discs , you find all the essential four seasons songs , including " sherry " , " big girls do n't cry " , " walk like a man " , " dawn ( go away ) " , " rag doll " , " let 's hang on ( to what we 've got ) " , " working my way back to you " , " opus 17 ( do n't you worry ' bout me ) " , " tell it to the rain " ( an often forgotten top 10 hit and my favorite four seasons song ever ) , " who loves you " and " december 1963 ( oh , what a night ) " . but the majority of the cd is a wealth of rarities , including many songs that were either album tracks , uncharted singles or frankie vali solo singles . plus , you get it for about $25.00 , which i consider fairly cheap for a cd with 51 songs . the 30+ page booklet is excellent , filled with track information ( chart positions , etc. ) , rare photos and an excellent essay written by pat sierchio . this is an absolute must have 
music neg 695.txt the cat carol is the most depressing christmas song i have ever heard . not to ruin the ending for you but the cat dies ! did n't exactly put me in the holiday spirit 
camera neg 417.txt i purchased this for my daughter since i had already had purchased one for myself . the pictures are clear and crisp . if i had to buy another i would purchase the same 
camera neg 550.txt downside : 1. i 'll have to add my complaint to several others who had the same problem . the camera suddenly stopped working after nearly 18 months of having no problems . i switched batteries...let it set for some time without batteries or memory card in it...nothing is getting it to work . on top of that i now have a memory card with photos on it that i ca n't transfer to my computer without a working camera to do that . 2. not good with indoors pictures especially if you try the " night " mode . if you use that mode , even with a tripod , keep your subjects to still-lifes , only...if you photograph people and they happen to move even the slightest , they will at best be blurry , at worst they will look like double exposures . 3. indoors pictures set at normal mode , with or without flash , are no better and may even be worse than your standard cheap 35mm camera . upside : 1. through its usb cable , it booted right into apple 's iphoto software making the organizing and editing of photos that i took a breeze . 2. outdoors , with plenty of sunlight , gave me near-perfect pictures that got a lot of praise . kodak did well with this aspect of the camera 's ability , given the price . 3. we won this camera ( free ) so for me it 's almost all upside...except now i have to shell out $$$ for a good camera ( that will hopefully read my current memory card 
music pos 93.txt collin has done it again . i did n't think i 'd enjoy a cd as much as his & quot ; the walls came down , & quot ; but & quot ; tracks&quot ; is just great . every song is better than the last . you ca n't go wrong with collin raye and you ca n't find anyone with a better voice . buy this one 
music pos 888.txt its just realy sad that hip-hop dont sound like hard to earn anymore.. . gang starr still gets daily airplay on my stereo and im glad i support these guys 
dvd neg 511.txt throughly dismisses all jazz after 1960 , including fusion , free jazz , and everything thereafter . marsalis actually calls cecil taylor 's music " self-indulgent bullsh** " apparently taylor was not allowed to rebut this during the film . how was that allowed to air on the supposedly intellectual ( but more likely agenda-driven ) on pbs , i will never understand . if you think swing is the only valid form of jazz , you will love this series . if you think coltrane is a god , you get five minutes ' summary . so lets see here : 15 hours on louis armstrong and duke , 5 minutes on coletrane , and a total didmissal of everything after duke 's death . reminds me of the republisuck 's " fair and balanced " nonsense . pbs , this is your wake-up call . stop trying to rewrite history - jazz ai n't in a museum . just ask the artists ( most of whom are alive ) whom burns left out . metheny , you out there 
music pos 607.txt leo kottke is a national treasure . he is our greatest living solo acoustic guitar virtuoso . having said that , you 'd expect his cds to be at a very high level of brilliance . i have at least a dozen of his titles . if there is any trouble in deciding the merits of any one disc , it 's because there are so many kottke releases to choose from . " one guitar , no vocals " clearly ranks as one of the best . the compositions tickle my brain , warm my heart , and put a bounce into my step . the guitar playing is dazzling . you really get a glimpse of the man behind the guitar by listening to this music - brilliant , thoughtful , odd , complex , quirky , a huge heart , and the wackiest sense of humor . it 's spirited music , so thoroughly drenched in the personality of its creator that it 's unmistakably and immediately recognizable as leo . the world is full of acoustic guitar instrumentalists these days . some of them are quite excellent . many are not . but there is only one leo kottke . and his guitar music is a gift to the world . a very strong recommendation for this cd 
music neg 200.txt generally harmless , except for one very offensive song about siblings that hate each other and hate their parents . the song is probably funny to ultra-sophisticated , cynical adults . but the song is totally inappropriate for a four year old . i would n't bring this cd into your house 
camera pos 812.txt this product is good for its price . the mini tripod inside the switchgrip looks very good and holds my canon pro perfectly . the travel bag is also very useful 
music neg 136.txt all i got to say about this is that dudes need to stop making this kinds of records cuz this is not hip hop , its not what ll , rakim , krs-one , kool g rap , ice t , ice cube , nwa , and ( rip ) big and pac , started . we as fan have the power to end this buy simply not buying the album . please do not buy this , this fake rap is got to sto 
dvd pos 272.txt china : the panda adventure is an imax film that tells a story. . so..in a sense the pandas are a part of this story but not in the sense of a documentary . the story is set in 1936 and is based on a true story involving ruth harkness who has arrived in china to take care of the business affairs of her late husband . her husband , it seems was a great admirer of the giant panda and in his journal he writes a beautiful story about his experiences with them..this leads ruth to seek these pandas out to see for herself..as the story unfolds we see the beauty and majesty of china..the cinematography is outstanding and the music fits the film quite well. . ruth is played by the lovely maria bello and there is an additional documentary about the making of this film is which she talks about her reasons for wanting to do this film and her fascination with the panda. . all in all..this film is a nice way to spend the evening with your family..but be warned..it 's more of a story involving the panda and not a documentary . 
music neg 994.txt yes , she has a great voice , but this entire cd is so overproduced , so lifeless , so very boring that i had to force myself to listen to the entire thing - searching desperately for a track that measures up to the voice . she sounds as bored as i was on every song . i hope she wakes up soon before we all fall asleep 
camera neg 923.txt first , i want to defend this camera 's lack of an lcd viewscreen- -really unrealistic to expect something like that at this price point . what 's wrong with this camera is that it tries to do so many different things that it does n't do the one thing it needs to do well- -i.e . , take a picture with the push of a button . this product would be much better if you took out all the settings ( what kid needs different resolution settings on a cheap camera , for crying out loud ? ) and simply put in an auto-flash . as it is , you must consult the manual , push the mode button until you find the correct symbol for the flash ( which is not intuitive , so you 'll need to carry the manual with you ) , press the shutter button to turn the flash on , wait for the little red light to come on , and then you can take a picture . then you shut it off or it goes off by itself after a very short period of inactivity , and the next time you want to take a picture you have to do it all over again ! oh , and did i mention that it wo n't take a picture if there is n't enough light ( there was n't even in the brightest room in my house ) , so you must use the flash ? clearly , the makers of this product did not test it on real children . heck , my digital camera is easier to use than this ! we never even got to see the picture quality- -after trying to get it to even take a picture , i knew this was going back to the store asap 
dvd pos 105.txt there 's not much to say about the reputation of these movies . there 's also little to say about these dvds , many of which are the high quality special edition collections . just do the math . this is no brainer for people who do n't own any of these dvds . even if you only want 8 of them ( less than half ! ) , that 's about $20.00 a movie ( at amazon 's present sales price ) and since many of these movies are special editions , that 's still a steal ! this is a solid place to start your dvd collection . not everyone will enjoy all these movies ( after all , they range from westerns to romantic pieces to musicals ) , but at this price even giving half of them away still allows you a tremendous savings . one note : the version of amadeus here is the reissue and the longer , director 's cut of the movie that was not originally released . some ( including myself ) prefer the tighter original release ( which can still be gotten at amazon but sadly has no commentary and requires you to flip the disc in the middle of the movie ! ) 
camera pos 209.txt this is a good teleconverter that added 1.5x to the camera 's native zoom . it adds a great degree of stability to the camera for taking those critical shots . of course when the digital zoom is used it is very sensitive to shake and movement . overall a good addition especially for the birds and nature shots 
music pos 640.txt we bought this - on cassette - in washington dc on our first day of honeymoon in september 1997. having flown from northern ireland , it provided us with the perfect honeymoon soundtrack as we drove from washington to nashville , along the skyline drive , down through south west virginia , across eastern kentucky to berea , and down to smoky mountains national park in tennessee . we are from an ulster-scots / scotch-irish background , and during those three weeks we fell in love with the land that our forebears had settled in so many centuries before , bringing thier fiddles and folk songs with them , creating what was the core of mountain old-time music and bluegrass . from the carter family right through , every song is a classic . you must buy this 
music pos 932.txt did you lose interest in new rock in the past several years because all those loud songs on the fm station sound about the same ? maybe you noticed one song in there somewhere that had memorable hooks and interesting lyrics among the crunching guitars ? the libertines are - or at least were - one of those diamonds in the rough . their raw , loud style is closer to punk than any other genre , but most of their songs are more well-developed than that suggests and might even appeal to classic rock fans . make no mistake , though , this is a loud album . with the exception of the oddly balladish " radio america , " it 's a pretty steady sonic assault , and the lyrics are mostly somewhere between " louie louie " and live dylan on the intelligibility scale . what can be understood is more erudite than you 'd expect , though . " what a waster " is a frighteningly vivid look at drug addiction , " boys in the band " is the best groupie song i 've heard in a long time , and " the good old days " actually reveals a touch of sentimentality just under the power chords . decipherable or not , most of the other songs are at least very catchy . the whole collection is a nice balance between aggressive style and memorable songs that has been all too lacking for a long time now . 
camera pos 163.txt well , besides a whole bucket full of money , one of them lets you take photos in lower light , okay , that 's obvious . the 16-35mm is a bit heavier , but not so you 'd notice , unless maybe you were carrying it around all day , without eating and you 're a bit over the hill . so why pay the extra money , unless , of course , you do a lot of shooting in the early morning and late evening ? maybe you should n't , because i 've been doing a lot of photo taking with both , film and digital , and as one would expect from the " l " lenses , the photos are crisp and sharp . in fact i keep i the 17-40 on the camera i carry around all day , you know , the one i might leave on the table in a restaurant when i got to the restroom . it 's a lot less money to lose to someone looking for a five finger discount . however , my gal pal sara and i take a lot of early morning photos . she shoots old houses , and she never , ever goes out without the 16-35mm . she swears by it , loves it , sometimes i think better than me . so there is a difference , i 'm the kind of person that could happily live with less expensive lense , sara is not . however they both deliver gorgeous photos . you ca n't go wrong if the lense has that red circle around it . jack priest , sailor home from the se 
camera pos 765.txt this rangefinder is great ! much lighter than the big bulky other units . has all the great features that is needed . this is one that you will take with you and not leave in the truck because it 's too big . i tested this against some of my buddies ' bigger units at known distances and this one out did the bigger units in speed and accuracy . great scan mode . best buy . should be sold for about ( $ ) more than asked for 
camera pos 742.txt i bought this as a gift for my mother and she absolutely loves it ! definitely a good buy 
music neg 289.txt i wo n't dispute emmylou 's wonderful voice and mark knopfler 's superb guitar playing but this album just did n't cut it for me . pretty lame , about as likely as hank and phoebe snow 
music neg 913.txt denis leary 's whole act is stolen from bill hicks nearly word for word . save your money and search amazon for bill hicks 
camera pos 888.txt i bought this for my mother...she loves it ! its easy for her to use and the screen is large enough for her to view . the print quality is excellent . i got more ( merchandise and quality ) with this hp brand than i would had with any other brand . the price was excellent too . good job hewlett packard for making me a " smart " person 
camera pos 387.txt i going to write the for non techs out there.. . i can use it , my wife can use it , my mom can use it and my 5 year old son can use it . it is just that simple to use . you do not need to know anything about taking shots , other than how to zoom and pick the right settings , and if you play with the camera for a few days you will know them . one other reviewer said to get the following : 1. at least a 512 mb memory stick pro duo to take 160 or so pictures in one go 2. rechargeable aa batteries and a charger 3. case and i must say yes , yes and yes.. . to all , they are a must.. . this camera , feels good in your hands , screen size is great . you can see the screen in both sunlight and at nights . the menu is very easy to follow and the quality of the picture are clean and clear . i ca n't comment on the software that comes with the camera as i have a apple computer and i use iphoto . for the price , i felt like i got a $[...] sony.. . 
music neg 86.txt this album is lame as hell but next to the air pollution on the airwaves today , this aint too bad thats why it gets a 2. right before female rappers ( there 's a few exceptions ) , i hate all little kid rappers . even when i was a kid . i do n't like anything on this album , i still got the tape and it has n't " krossed " my mind to even cop the cd . if you like this kind of stuff , or you loved " jump " back in the day then i guess this is for you 
camera neg 188.txt this gets 1 star for the simple fact that it does n't seem to fit my mark ii body properly . 
camera pos 923.txt this is a pretty good camera , loaded with lots of features . the pros include the 10x optical zoom , use of sd card , and battery consumption . also , with this camera you have the ability to buy add-ons such as zoom lenses and such - makes it nice for those that are just past beginner experience . there are a couple of cons that i 've found , the most important being the picture quality . although it does have the capability to take great photos , you have to make sure and wait several seconds between shots to ensure that they 'll come out looking great ( in my opinion , anyway ) . the size is okay , although it is kinda bulky for being so small . i prefer something that size to also be slim - it 's not so easy to carry around because of this . overall , this camera is very easy to use 
camera pos 489.txt wow..okay so i was thinking this was a screen about the size of a smaller camera because i didnt read the dimensions before i bought it here on amazon so i was a little disappointed in the size . this is about half the size of an ipod mini . it is by no means big . read the dimesions well before you purchase . the photos are really good quality and clear ..just small lol . 
music neg 813.txt i saw the movie and liked the songs in it . i ordered the soundtrack from the movie , but it was not the soundtrack . they have a dubbed another person in on ike 's part . all the songs from the movie were not on the soundtrack and some other of tina 's were included . i feel that if it is going to be advertised as a soundtrack then it should be a true soundtrack . i was disappointed . 
music neg 144.txt can we say , " money making ploy ? " wow . i , like many others , have grown up with disney . perhaps i simply do not understand why kids of any age would listen to this garbage as opposed to the actual movie songs ? this is not like " kidz bop " or anything related to that which " kidifies " music - these are timeless movie classics that did not need to be redone - and as a further insult , they are poorly redone . i am very , very let down by these " disneymania " albums . :o ( 
camera pos 57.txt i purchased this camera online one month ago from amazon here [...] and i have taken pictures from alaska to florida and in washington i love how the mark ii captures images imho more clearly than any film slr could ever take . best camera i have every use 
music pos 730.txt trip hop and lounge lovers need to have this cd at home . bajo fondo tango club is not as pure tango as piazzola 's nor as chill out percolated as gotan project 's , which makes them a band for all publics . nor even one single person in my office could n't help download at least one song of this cd into their ipods . three of them already bought their copy 
camera pos 210.txt if you have the big lenses ( 400mm f / 2.8l is usm or even the 70-200mm f / 2.8l is usm ) this is totally worth the addition . the 2x does not kill the autofocus on the f / 2.8 and effectively doubles your lens with very little distortion around the edges . check compatability on canon 's website . you wo n't be disappointed 
music neg 90.txt afi used to be a pretty good band . then , they decided to go emo-girlie-boy . the lead singer has made adramatic change from smelly-goth-dude to perfect-manicured-emo-girl / guy . what happened to smeely-goth-dude ? some of us actually like the music , not the " emoness " . not only that , but " miss murder " was waaaaay overplayed , and now it is encrested into my brain . i mean , come on , it 's not even that good of a song . afi is looking to appeal to the mainstream . there 's nothing wrong with that , if you keep your old sound , which this band has failed to do . this , my friends , is afi 's worst album , if not hte worst album of 2006. check out the older afi stuff . " sing the sorrow " is okay , but if you want truley good music , you have to go back into their ninties albums 
music pos 802.txt i 'm not sure about all that other nonsense the reviewer before me is talking about ( sounds like someone with an axe to grind ) but this album is a stunning piece of workmanship . the music is inspired , the melodies transcending , and the emotion - deep and meaningful . as far as " copying yanni " goes , well - i do n't agree , in fact , yanni is far more generic and less inspired . the sound samples the cranky reviewer alludes to are in fact not the same nor , are they yanni 's creation . i write this review to commend mr farish on his work , and to take to task the idiot who misinformed others and could n't resist his own urge to see his " critique " in print . ryans music is distinctly his own , no question - and any similarities are tonal , and not compositional - which the reveiwer would be well advised to take note of . as far as i 'm concerned , you be the judge - and let cranky wannabe music critics continue to wallow in their own self hate as they surf store shelve 's and websites for music to criticize - and well , make themselves feel a little better . personally , i would recommend this album to anyone who likes strong songs with great production and uplifting energy . all the other stuff is for hacks ! enjoy this music ! i do . 
music pos 768.txt i got the lp version of this album as a christmas present in 1988. i immediately fell in love with it . she sings about issues such as unemployment and poverty which were rampant during the reagan years ( " talkin about a revolution " , " fast car " ) . but she offered hope that things would get better as we approached the 90s , which they did . " mountains o things " was about the materialsim of the 80s . other issues she covers are racism ( " across the lines " ) and domestic abuse ( " behind the wall " ) . even though this album is almost 20 years old it does not sound dated , as the messages are just as relavent today as they were in 1988. i bought the cd version in 1992 and i never get tired of listening to it . all of the songs are good but my favorite ones are " talking about a revolution " , " fast car " , " baby can i hold you " , " mountains of things " , " why " and " for my lover " . 
camera neg 15.txt as a professional photographer , i find myself going through 5-6 of these cords each year . my equipment is my livelyhood and although it is used often , i am exceptionally careful with all of my gear and do not bang it around or abuse it . i use a stroboframe which makes it necessary to use this cord to raise the flash well above the focal plane of the camera . these cords are very expensive to get just a few months out of them . eventually , the hot shoe connector will either become loose and the connection will no longer function or the plastic connector will break and your flash unit will fall to the ground . ( this has happened twice to me and fortunately i was able to catch the flash unit ! ) the cord is indespensible if you need it , but contact canon usa and ask them to reengineer this cord or expect to replace them every few months 
camera neg 438.txt very easy to set up , but no matter what i did , i got several horizontal interference bars . one very nice feature is a built in video modulator that allows you to connect to older tvs using a coax cable instead of rca . i am returning this product 
music neg 91.txt despite all the rave reviews i 'm wondering if this is a dreaded rerecord . maybe i 'm paranoid , but the country music industry is so sleazy . and some stars feel entitled to cash in . how else can you explain the john anderson anthology...horror . ( john , how could you ? ) or the bill anderson oh boy classic [oh boy here comes a rerecord ) . hey , the cd sounds great . but what makes me suspiscious is that there are no copyright dates anywhere on this cd except for one . also the cryptic message on the inside sleeve . could someone please clear this up . and not some rcr bud logan shill either . john conlee is one of my hero 's and this is really worrying me . i ca n't look at this cd with rose colered glasses anymore 
camera pos 87.txt hi have a rebel extreme , and needed to use the high-speed mode.. . but the flash could n't even vaguely keep up . i was taking pictures of dancers , so needed a flash system that could keep up . the speedlite really does this perfectly - i 'm able to take a rapid-fire sequence of photos , and this flash system is there each time . i do n't know if it really helps when taking a single photo , but if you want a flash that can keep up , this one is great ! i like it so much , i 'm planning on buying one or two more for my next shoot , to run in slave mode with this one . 
music neg 399.txt this album is not very good . i am a big fan of life in general , at the show , and slowly going the way of the buffalo but this sucks . i listened to it for about 2 weeks and then it cracked my backpack on a road trip . but i did n't care , becuase it sucked . it was boring , and it had no flavor . not the mxpx i used to know 
camera neg 970.txt i bought the 2700 easy share camera and printer dock . money thrown away ! ! the camera does n't take quality pictures in my opinion and the printer was junk , also in my opinion . it truly is junk now as i got so frustrated with it , i threw it on the floor and smashed it . not kidding ! when i first got it , i called kodak and they told my son ( who is knowledgeable in this stuff ) how to reset the printer . we reset it and it worked for awhile . then it would n't work any more and i did away with it . no more kodak for me and my son bought a different brand after he saw how mine worked 
dvd neg 682.txt if you 've read the book this movies is extremely loosely based on , you will understand why the movie is so horrid . it 's beautiful to look at , but that is all . the sets and costumes are gorgeous , but it looks more like a bunch of kids playing dress up than a film about a queen of france . this movie completely ignores the revolution , marie antoinette 's arrest , and murder . in short , the movie ignores anything that is not pretty , girlish , and light . there is so much fluff and teen angst that it 's hard to locate any fact in the film at all . do we really need a 10 close-up of kristen dunst wistfully lazing about her apartments after she meets a handsome man ? even one scene like this is bad enough , but it happens over and over . we see kids at play more than adults with real problems , and the actors and soundtrack only reinforce this feeling . there is shopping , food , dress up , and flirting , but minus a handful of very short scenes , no real account of the lives of the king and queen of france . there was little in the way of dialog , and sadly much of what there was was murmured while dunst flounced around in her pretty dresses . there is so much historical inaccuracy in the film that it 's almost pointless to try to listen to the dialog . for instance , the dauphin and 2 brothers , which we are told in the book the film is " based " on . however , in the film , the brothers are combined into one , very inaccurate character . marie antoinette also had 2 sons , not one as the movie will tell you . i do n't mind some changes for the sake of drama , but ignoring 90% of a historical account and then insisting that your movie is factual is ridiculous . the main actors are also terrible . the supporting cast , such as rip torn , and marriane faithful , is wonderful . they only serve to make kirsten dunst look that much worse . no one bother to act french , or like the poised rulers-in-training that their character were . the movie is so obviously a veichle for dunst that it 's sickening . there is just too much of her on the screen with not nearly enough reason for her to be there . remember the 10 minute scene i described where she does nothing but smile ? it keeps happening . it gets very , very old . it feels more like a photo shoot for dunst than a film . i usually like kirsten dunst , but not in this film . overall , the film looks and feels more like a music video and should have been one . there just is n't enough going on to warrent the film 's length , and it 's really geared towards young girls who love pretty dresses , food , and shopping , but have no taste for fact . it 's a chick flick at it 's worst , and it makes a mockery of the life of such an important person . it 's very hard to believe that this came from the same person who wrote and directed films like " the virgin suicides " and " lost in translation " 
software neg 265.txt i bought the software ( digital image suite 2006 ) before i bought my camera - to be ready to process the pictures i was going to take . a big mistake . i bought a canon 30d camera and record my images in raw format ( *.cr2 ) . unfortunately , not all canon .cr2 raw files are the same . so , even though the software says you can edit .cr2 raw images , it depends on which camera made the image . here is complaint number two - if you use microsoft 's customer service / technical support you will be routed to india - and they will just give you an answer that is vaguely related to your problem . after emailing several times and getting nowhere you will find out that you ca n't write to their washington state headquarters unless you have the name of someone in the address . so , basically , microsoft is the largest technical software company in the world with the worst customer service and no american technical support . now , for the final complaint . there is no link or method to get updates or upgrades for this program ! so , if i want to use a microsoft software package to edit my photo images then i will have to buy a new software package - is n't that wonderful . 
music neg 256.txt bob james - the mastermind of smooth jazz . " h " , " touchdown " , " grand piano cannyon " . eternal pieces of art. brave and thoughtful new directions in jazz . we owe him a lot . but the recent releases of fourplay -including " x " - do n't meet my expectations at all : predictable , repetitive , overproduced computer-music . the typical fourplay sound squeezed out like a lemon in another cd . larrys guitar playing takes a nice direction on " tournabout " - but then the song falls back again to old routine . " screenplay " is a good one ( one of two songs that were done by bob ) . the rest , hmm.. . some nice solos constricted in predictabiltiy . do n't get me wrong , i like all of the guys . every single member of the group has done great things in the past . so - a bit more breveness , yes please 
music neg 936.txt while the sound of the stream is relaxing and well recorded , there are way too many birds around . the cd describes their sound as distant and faint , but that 's far from accurate . the parts of the cd where all you hear is the stream alone do n't add up to more than 10 minutes , and never last more than a minute . for the most part you will hear the stream and plenty of birds , rather close and sometimes very loud . buyer beware : the 30 second samples you get here are precisely from the parts with no birds at all ! very misleading 
music pos 714.txt like many before me , this " blue " beatles best-of served as my first , in-depth sampling of the beatles ' output from their post - 'revolver ' era from early-1967 onward.. . you could n't find a better 100+ minutes of music to listen to straight through than the superb 28 tracks that make up ' the beatles 1967-1970' . i bought this initially back in the winter of 1988 ( i was 18 at the time ) on cassette , and it changed my life . true ; the 2-cd version often retails at $34.00 , which is a bit much , but the material contained is beyond priceless. . about the songs . the songs ! ! there 's not a lame one among the batch of 28. what 's even cooler is that -even as the songs unfurl chronologically - they pack a flow to rival any of anyone 's favorite best-of albums.. . the flow of all 28 is remarkable.. . a fantastic mix of all their late ' 60 's #1 hits as well as choice album cuts ( " a day in the life " , " i am the walrus " ) ... seriously folks ; anyone who is feeling the itch to discover the beatles ' later output should get this " blue " best-of first , then graduate onto the studio albums themselves. . that 's what happened to me and i wound up ( so far ) buying all of the albums from ' rubber soul ' ( 1965 ) onwards.. . this blue ' 1967-1970 ' never disappoints . because the liner notes / inlay booklet does n't tell you which album each track is culled from , i 'll happily fill you in : disc one : 1. ) strawberry fields forever ( john in vocals ) 2. ) penny lane ( paul on vocals ) ( both originally released as a stand-alone single in early 1967 and both served as the first tracks recorded for what would be 1967 's " sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band " . however , the two songs were n't released on any beatles ' album until late-1967 's ' sgt. pepper ' follow-up ' magical mystery tour' . ) 3. ) sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band ( paul on vocals ) 4. ) with a little help from my friends ( ringo on vocals ) 5. ) lucy in the sky with diamonds ( john on vocals ) 6. ) a day in the life ( john and paul on vocals ) 3-6 from the legendary ' sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band ' ; 1967. 7. ) all you need is love ( john on vocals ) 8. ) i am the walrus ( john on vocals ) 9. ) hello , goodbye ( paul on vocals ) 10. ) the fool on the hill ( paul on vocals ) 11. ) magical mystery tour ( john on vocals ) 7-11 from ' magical mystery tour ' ; 1967 12. ) lady madonna ( paul on vocals ) 13. ) hey jude ( paul on vocals ) 14. ) revolution ( john on vocals ) 12-14 all stand-alone singles released in 1968. all were / are huge hits . sweet ! disc two : 1. ) back in the u.s.s.r. ( paul on vocals ) 2. ) while my guitar gently weeps ( george on vocals ) 3. ) ob-la-di , ob-la-da ( paul on vocals ) 1-3 taken from 1968 's double-album ' the beatles ' ( aka " the white album " ) . 4. ) get back ( paul on vocals ) ( originally recorded 1969 as a single and not released on album until 1970 's ' let it be' . twistedly , ' let it be ' was recorded prior to 1969 's final beatles ' studio album ' abbey road ' , but not released until later.. . ) 5. ) do n't let me down ( non-album b-side to the " get back " single ; john on vocals ) 6. ) the ballad of john and yoko ( non-lp stand-alone single ; john on vocals . one of the very few beatles tracks recorded with only john and paul playing all the instruments. . ) 7. ) old brown shoe ( b-side to " the ballad of john and yoko " ; george on vocals ) all of the hits plus some choice b-sides as well. . yeah ! ! 8. ) here comes the sun ( george on vocals ) 9. ) come together ( john on vocals ) 10. ) something ( george on vocals ) 11. ) octopus 's garden ( ringo on vocals ) ( all culled from 1969 's *true* final beatle masterpiece , ' abbey road ' ) 12. ) let it be ( paul on vocals ) 13. ) across the universe ( john on vocals ) 14. ) the long and winding road ( paul on vocals ) 12-14 from 1970 's ( actually recorded early 1969 ) ' let it be' . so there you go.. . 28 of the very best music ever to grace the world.. . ( seriously . ) please do yourself a favor and check out *any* beatles ' music . but a choice place to start certainly is here . have fun / enjoy / peace ! thanks for your time . tim goyer albany , ny usa 6 / 28 / 0 
music neg 99.txt wild card is the best song on this cd . the rest just did n't do it for me and i did n't care for the latin flavor . this cd was a mess . if the rest of the songs were along the lines of wild card , i would have kept the cd . this did n't say rippingtons to me . 
music neg 663.txt the quality of this cd recording sounds like someone tapped it in their garage and burned it to cd with thier personal pc . very bad recording . it 's too bad because lathleen madigan is very witty and funny . 
music pos 982.txt a truly glorious recording , just what i want in music , with brilliancy , sensitivity , and beauty . this is a must have for every music lover worth the name 
music neg 928.txt i wanted to give this cd as a gift to my 7 year old niece who loves the movie . i listened to it first to make sure the quality was good . i was so surprised when all i heard was music and no words . although the music is nice , i know she would not be too impressed . we had seen the movie together and we loved mr. ray 's song and wanted to know the words . it 's too bad that i 'll have to return or sell it 
camera neg 795.txt i bought a sony icd-mx20 digital voice recorder a week ago . i was surprised that sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named " digital voice editor " . sony customer service staff told me that if you lost the cd that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . only patches of the software are available to download . the customer service personnel told me that it was corporate policy despite the fact that the software is bound to the digital device . this immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . think twice before making your buying decision . 
camera pos 313.txt this camera is really great . i knew i liked it before , but i immediately began to appreciate this camera all the more when i ended up with a rebel xt as a " loaner " while my 20d was in repair . not that the xt is a bad camera , it just does n't really compare to the 20d . the 20d has a nice feel to it ; it is fairly large , which is great since i have somewhat large hands . the features are great too . and the image quality is awesome . i do n't really need to go into all of the details , as most of the other reviewers have done an excellent job . let me just say that it is a great camera and is worth the five stars . the only complaint i have about the camera is that it does n't have spot metering . the ability to do your light metering off of a single point of interest would be great - and they did add it to the 30d . 
camera neg 154.txt the camera worked fine ; however , after six months , it stopped working . i took it to a pentax authorized repairer and pentax refused to pay for the camera because the was dirt and grit in the zoom mechanism . my use was in no way abusive . i had a previous canon powershot s200 that lasted forever with the same usage , until i gave it away . i guess i should have stayed with canon . i bought the pentax for its size and lightweight , but what good is that if it does n't last ! do n't get the pentax and expect long term use out of it 
dvd pos 713.txt first of all , let me tell you , this is not a date movie . this is the most brutal graphic rape movie i have ever seen , and also one that lingers in your mind long after it is over . for me , that 's exactly what i want when i see a movie , one that leaves a lasting impression no matter how difficult the impression might be . i loved this movie , because it is very very well made , and the acting performances are incredible . yes , the rapes are unforgiving in every respect , and the misery throughout the film is almost difficult to watch at times . this is not a gory movie , except for the last ten minutes , it is a very disturbing movie and it does have a fair amount of nudity , however it really needs to . " the untold story " and " ebola syndrome " offset much of the carnage with humor , but " red to kill " has absolutely nothing to smile about . it is totally and brutally serious from the first frame to the extremely nasty ending . the story is pretty simple , a psycho-rapist is on the loose and he 's going after a mentally retarded young dancer . in the second graphic rape of the movie he does the deed to the young lady . enter a female social worker who tries to help the victim , and dreams up a plan to get even with the rapist after he gets off in court because of a stupid technicality . her plan succeeds to a certain extent , but not like she planned it , and the rapist comes after her full force . the actor who plays the rapist is absolutely sensational , and i might add , the musical score is perfect . the music adds so much to the all ready existing tension from all the horrific acts . the actress who plays the retarded girl is also amazing , one of the best performances on film you will ever see . to end this , this is a must-see movie for fans of this genre , and i 'm just getting started myself . not the gore associated with the two previous cat iii movies i watched , but something even more terrible and unrelenting , and an uneasy feeling that will not leave you anytime soon after you see it . " red to kill " is flatout a good movie , even considering the subject matter . i highly recommend it 
camera pos 928.txt i 'd love to read a review from anyone who has purchased this camera , the aiptek zoom dv-6 mp image stabilizing camcorder w / 3x optical zoom . i see the claim that it has 3x optical zoom and cannot help but question this because i am unable to find this product on aiptek-dot-com and this cam has supposedly been available since july 30th , 2006. am wondering what gives with that ? please someone , post a review of this model and hopefully , some picture results too . let us know about this 3x optical zoom , please ! i had to pick a rating , so the four star rating was based on the mpvr version of this camera - - which i own and find to be a very decent gadget . mine is over a year old and still going strong - no problems with that model . mp3 's sound terrific . i convert movies for viewing on the camera while on the go and.. . " wow " for its quality . i have recorded sounds and more . very decent ! just drag and drop my files from my pc to the sd card and i can switch out movies and mp3's . i am happy with that model , but it does not have any optical zoom - just digital . still get pretty good pix tho , just use the various settings.. . my little homemade movies are good , very decent , but without additional lighting , indoor movies will be dark . this camera doesnt handle well in strong sun - i use an umbrella over my cam as i film . big diff . so , is this newer model really all that much better ? ca n't wait to know ! 3x optical sounds good. . 
music neg 484.txt well , unless you are a hardcore collector like myself ( had it originally on vinyl all those years ago ) , stay clear of this album . if you want to hear noise that you & your wife / girlfriend / boyfriend could do yourself , then forget this album & make your own noise . the best track on the album is the bonus track . that tells you that this album has nothing to do with beatles music . i give it one star for being terrible & one star for the packaging ; - ) . search judemac forever " on msn 
music neg 489.txt unfortunately ttd went off the deep end on this album . consequently he put off many fans from buying the brilliant next album & quot ; symphony or damn&quot ; and the superb follow up & quot ; vibrator&quot ; . if you loved the first album , give this one a miss and get the two i just mentioned . come on ttd hurry up and release a new album 
camera neg 300.txt have had an olympus 4.0m.for 4 years and been very happy with it . as a gift i got this canon and was very diappointed in the color quality and sharpness . shot about 600 pictures people were blurred , not crisp and dim even on a sunny day . had to return it.do n't bu 
music pos 836.txt i bought this for my kids because i knew they would love these songs just as i did . forget them ! i love it ! there is nothing like the chipmunks and never will be again . the christmas song is worth the price alone . do n't think about it . just get it 
camera pos 181.txt it seems surprising that canon would make a product out of anything but the best materials . lensmate makes a superior product out of aluminum in black and silver 
music pos 366.txt of course , no jazz musician can pack the energetic wallop that dizzy could . his trumpet can only be described as hot , and hearing his music makes you think of people dancing their legs off with garbage cans burning all around and smoke in the air . this man 's music has life in it . unfortunately , the real energy to dizzy is in his latin jazz work , and a more complete compilation of that style would be the compact jazz series . ken burns ' collection here is more versatile , but just not as lively as dizzy 's music can be . proceed with caution 
music pos 561.txt when i bought this cd i did not know that much about supergrass . the only songs i had even heard were " pumping on the stereo " and " sun hits the sky " and i liked both of these songs a lot . so while i was cruising the aisles in the record shop , my eyes caught a glimpse of supergrass is 10 , so i decided to buy it because it was at a great price , and i am glad i did . the cd has not left my car since i bought it two months ago . every single one of the songs can get stuck in your head , and you won'tbe upset . from the opening track " caught by the fuzz " to the finale " wait for the sun " the album just rock throughout , and everytime i listen to it i want more . the album clocks in at 71 minutes , but everytime i am done listenintg to it i feel unfulfilled . that is a sign of a band making great music 
music pos 661.txt i wonder if the two reviewers who said they were disappointed in this soundtrack watched the film ? my guess is that they did not . the film was enhanced by the james horner score and it would have been hurt by anything that was not light and subtle . it is a unique and amazing film and the score is a perfect match . by the way , the bigwigs at universal nearly died when they heard it and then were equally stunned when they asked horner for the written score and he had to admit that none existed ! wonderful music 
music neg 520.txt i hate the beatles . they are amongst my music guide top 20 worst bands ever . they only made a few decent songs in hey jude , let it be , and ballad of john and yoko . rest of their songs just stink ! even a mark knopfler cd without dire straits is better than this ! like i said , anyone who listens to the beatles or zeppelin do n't know what good music is about , huh ! ! ! good music is required dire straits , green day , foreigner , gnr , metallica , and nirvana . get any album from those bands insted . the beatles suck ! ! ! ! 
music pos 280.txt " horizon " was a turning point in the recording career of the carpenters- -a more sophisticated sound more suited to karen 's rich and warm voice . but the album was rather short , and some of the songs just were n't up to the standards expected by their fans , which was reflected in the sales of the album , which was their slowest selling album up to that point . the opening " aurora " and the closing " eventide " ( the same melody with different lyrics ) nicely bookend the album , and aurora provides the first hint that this was not the average carpenters album . " only yesterday " follows ; this beautiful and uptempo song begins as a dolorous , downbeat ballad before segueing into the cheerful refrain . the cover of " desperado " is well done , but ultimately it is lost between the flashy tracks before and after it . " please mr. postman " is infectuously happy fluff ; it has absolutely no depth , but is irresistable while it 's playing and will have you singing along with karen . the big-band era " i can dream , ca n't i ? " reveals the new depths of karen 's voice , and the small jazz combo ensures that she is the focus of the listener . the third and final single from this album , " solitaire " begins the second half of the album on a ( metaphorical ) high note . the remaining full tracks ( " happy " , " i 'm caught between goodbye and i love you " , and " love me for what i am " ) are all less-than-captivating songs that greatly benefit from karen 's reading and richard 's arrangements 
music pos 491.txt this was the first queen album that i ever had so getting it on cd is great . " sheer heart attack " is an overlooked queen gem 
music pos 996.txt maiden had evolved into a new metal standard in 1986. not only did they lead the metal world with the greatest artwork on covers , but their music took a new form and justifed everything they had done in the past . iron maiden to powerslave were just the stepping stones to this standard classic . the cd starts out with caught somewhere in time , a galloping bassline , and parallel guitar make it , not only a classic , but ahead of its time . the rest of the cd id in pure form . my favorite track , however , is alexander the great . the intro starts out with a whisper of that era , and slowly builds to the howl of , i feel , the battle cry of the great warrior of history . iron maiden did not dissapoint with this cd . it is very well mixed and produced , and remains a standard in my collection of cd's . 
camera pos 788.txt fall through spring i always carry my r817 in coat pocket when i go out . this jacket fits my camera like a glove . allows access to all controls and lcd display through clear , heavy duty plastic film , once flap is opened . open flap allows lens to zoom while still protecting rest of camera . only time i zip open jacket is to remove memory chip or change battery , otherwise , i just leave jacket on camera at all times . 
camera pos 961.txt after setting booby traps for zombies , i like to whip out my bushnell waterproof scope and wait for the oncoming herds to trample on in . this scope is just great because it cuts down on glare and is also waterproof . it is good to have some foreward advancement of options when dealing with the zombies so when you are set up this scope can give you good range in spotting them on your trail ! ! 
camera pos 595.txt isiklandirmanin iyi olmadigi yerlerde netlik sorunu oluyor . birde floresan isik altinda beyaz dengesi tam tutmuyor . diger ozellikleri gayet guzel . bellek kartina cekim yapabiliyor olmasi cok guzel 
camera pos 204.txt it is working well , and it is sturdy . i dropped on the ground when playing frisby , but nothing happened 
camera pos 952.txt this camera was a great investment . the photos turn out wonderfully . better than a regular film camera and i have kept an eye out on simular cameras...price wise we got a fantastic deal on this camera and it was well worth the price . the only problem i have found with it is that the batteries wear out soooo fast but i think all digital cameras have that problem . this is a great camera 
dvd pos 800.txt four stars seem a little generous . the film is certainly memorable , and certainly different . there are a lot of odd things going on here . the oddest is why the central character , mark lewis , is so obviously a blond , blue-eyed german . very strange , this . is there some weird subterranean comment about the sickness of hitler 's germany , and how we ought to feel sorry for the perpetrators of his crimes , because of their blighted childhoods ? much of the rest of the symbolism is very heavy-handed , however , as other reviewers have pointed out . it is consistently perverse . the director of the film within the film : " the walls are closing in " , is played by an actor who was in point of fact virtually blind . he had a bit part in several james bond films . is there some message here ? peeping tom 's father , the heartless psychologist , was played by powell himself . what is this telling us ? is part of the message meant to be that the camera kills ? it does n't hang together somehow . what 's the meaning of the model with half a hideous face ? why is the would-be girl-friend 's alcoholic mother blind ? why is the only presence with real star quality , moira shearer , playing a stand-in ? much of the premise of the film seems promising , but it is clumsily written , and directed with a leaden hand . in fact , what many of the powell-pressburger films seem to lack is any real sense of pace or excitement . it 's all a bit tired , and slow . there is nausea , but no shock or thrill . loco , perhaps , but psycho , it isn't . 
music neg 195.txt it is hard to imagine what the american songbook ever did to rod stewart that he would decide to degrade it like this , not once , not twice , but three times . stewart 's decision to approach these shop-worn standards ranks up there with napoleon 's decision to invade russia during the winter , it is staggeringly ill conceived . the problem , of course , is his voice . the selection of material seems ideally suited to showcase his limitations as a singer , which are countless . for starters , he has almost no range at all . next , his raspiness has no inherent beauty , and these are songs intended for beautiful voices . by their very nature , the selections are vehicles for skilled singers , their simplicity allows excellent performers to interpret and express individual perspective . stewart , because he is a rock and blues singer , never learned the fundamentals of singing and certainly never developed a mature , expressive voice . he scratches along the surface of these listless vehicles with the charm of a man skating over ice with sandpaper strapped to his shoes . banks of strings and fabulously misguided collaborations , ( dolly parton ! ) , do not mask but highlight what is wrong with this project . bear in mind that i like rod stewart ; he 's from scotland and he 's the prototypical brit blues belter . if you want to know what he 's actually good at , dig out your copy of jeff beck 's first release , truth . stewart delivers some of the best blue-eyed twelve bar wailing ever recorded . but that 's the problem . on truth it was the cigarettes , whisky , and swagger in his voice that made him great - it was n't about singing technique - it was about authenticity . here , the focus is on singing , and his limitations are embarrassingly spotlighted . albums like this never get made unless the performer already has name recognition that guarantees sales , nightmares of this stripe could never stand on their own merits . to be avoided at all cost . 
dvd pos 301.txt sound of music 40th anniversary edition ( fox ) is the latest digital version of this beloved , timeless , film . the two-disc set features an exceptionally sharp transfer and a rich audio mix but the real treat is the new commentary with julie andrews and christopher plummer ( this in addition to the late robert wise 's commentary ) . among the wealth of new treasures in the six hours of extras is on location footage , screen tests ( mia farrow sings ) and a wonderful retrospective documentary " my favorite things : julie andrews remembers . " sound of music is perfect in all departments . it 's also that rare musical in which the music itself is naturally integral to the story and a counterpoint to the nazi threat of the true-life plot . until hi-def dvds arrive , this is the definitive edition for the library . rated : g . genre : musical . 2 hours , 56 minutes . starring : julie andrews , christopher plummer . director : robert wise 
music pos 374.txt this album iz off da freakin chain ! ! ! ! ! great music and grace slick iz the best ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this is a must have ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
music neg 328.txt what they said was that katy ca n't rock just yet because she 's a raw talent and not yet coherent in theme . i saw her live on the chicks with attitude tour with liz phair and the cardigans and charlotte martin and rose was the worst performer of the night . the first problem is that her voice just is n't that strong , secondly , her lyrics never come out as if they 're honest and as if they are always a pretension that people feel a cool girl growing up should say . throughout her set , there was only one song that stuck out as an interesting and unique thing ( passingly honest as well ) and that was " snowflake . " it 's fitting that the song was preceded by an ironic intro about how she 's lived in california for a long time , but she hates warm weather , sounds impossible , but she must be truthful because it 's the only song that breaks out of the leaden grunge guitar mix and hits the audience over the head with songcraft . i 'm sure she has potential for the future , but i think on her next album she should take a hint from beth orton who 's known previous to her most recent album for being a popular artist in the realm of trip hop . stripping down your sound brings the utmost fundamentals of your idea and sound out , and i think that could be helpful for her to put on record 
music neg 757.txt let me tell you , shayne ward is just one of those pop singers who only go by looks , if he looked like shrek he would not be anywhere today , face it girls your only buying this because you fancy him . look at justin timberlake , where is he today , they go and move on , and thats what shayne will do except alot faster . this song is so rubbish , the thing i hate so much is that he did n't even write this ! so its not his own material , and let me take you in on a little secret he does not care about this song , its not like these lyrics mean anything to him , as he did not write . and on " no promises " thats even worse than this , yes he might of wrote it i do n't know , but does the song have depth , or is it just a plain old expected pop song . by the way it 's the second one . shayne ward has no protential , neather does anyone who comes of x factor , its all just one big [... 
camera pos 252.txt i purchased this case for my canon a530 camera . i find that it does a great job of being light , durable , and compact . it keeps the camera clean and scratch free . however i wish the case had a better carrying capacity . i would have liked a bit more space for spare batteries and chips . i use different ones for different pictures or video . batteries do tend to give out after a long day shooting and convient extras would be handy . the case has beltloops but not a good shoulder strap for times when a belt is not worn . that can be a bit akward . otherwise this case is a good protector of my camera and fits it well . 
camera neg 242.txt half of my pictures are out of focus making it useless . should have sent it back 
music neg 452.txt first off that has to be the worst rhyme i 've ever heard in my life.. . andre nickatina ( in the rapping world ) is one of the worst i 've ever heard , but if you 're into dope beats and his style in flowing with them ( reminds me of someone on the ocean just being carried by waves , paddling every which way to stay with them ) , and what i mean by that is he tries to keep up with the pace and the beat and says ( what feels like ) every single thing that pops into his head from coke to what he had for dinner that night . but overall , " if you ca n't dig it like its shovelled man i guess you ai n't able " summs this and the rest of the nickatina c.d.s up 
music pos 675.txt what makes a voice distinctive and memorable ? nat ( king ) cole i believe had the smoothest voice of any male singer . clarity and a sureness in phrasing was also gifts of his . aside from ' unforgettable ' the songs i best remember are ' mona lisa ' and ' nature boy' . but this recording also includes originals of the ' nat king cole trio' . it also includes the famous duet put together of ' unforgettable ' from his early version and his daughter natalie cole 's recording made after he had passed on . that particular recording was a ' knockout ' sentimental and beautiful . 
music neg 923.txt i cant understand how anyone can give this album more than one star . luckily i got this cd for free when they were handing them out to everyone who came to their shows on their 2005 tour . i love classic journey , but this band has gone downhill faster than i ever thought possible . most of the songs are terrible-boring music and even worse lyrics . ' arrival ' was pretty mediocre , but this is about 5 steps down from there . granted , steve augeri does complete justice to the old songs in concert and really sounds great , but he obviously has nothing to offer in the way of songwriting . the only way this band will ever create quality new music is if perry were to stop sitting around at home and come back to the band . otherwise , the band should seriously consider not making any more new music and just go on tour every couple of years 
camera pos 865.txt very clear pictures , very happy with this camera . note that it has only the lcd screen and no viewfinder , but this has n't been a problem for me as it 's pretty easy to use 
dvd pos 7.txt 1 of 8 people found the following review helpful : i loved this movie ! , june 4 , 2006 aladdin is total family entertainment . the music is awesome and clever - great voices wonderful to watch . other classics not to forget about are : mary poppins my fair lady the wizard of oz chitty chitty bang band the first charlie and the chocolate factory the sound of music oliver west side story fiddler on the roof singing in the rain the wiz little mermaid aladdin beauty and the beast grease the king and i oklahoma the music man south pacific my voice students are always asking me for recommendations so i though i 'd post it for all ! we ca n't forget about these great musicals 
music neg 584.txt first bill has never nor will he ever be a jazz musician . it seems that those who branch out and play multiple styles are often lauded for expanding the vocabulary . here 's what chaps my hide the most . bill has somehow captured the attention of hordes of budding guitarist with their effect pedals all strung out as if they were getting ready for a space shuttle launch . it burns me too no end when a person calls himself a & quot ; jazz&quot ; guitarist , but does n't really have any chops . i know bill has been called anti-technique , but what does that really mean ? would you want a heart transplant performed by a surgeon that means well , but really is n't very good at what he / she does ? this guy is getting built up as something new and it seems every time i turn around someone that knows absolutely nothing about jazz guitar is throwing this guy in my face . i 've been a professional jazz guitarist for 12 years and teaching for 8 years . when i have guys that actually debate me that bill is somehow doing more interesting things than say pat martino , or that bill could somehow hang in a jam session with someone like pat martino , i have to shake my head in disbelief in how twisted and mixed up this world has become when charlatans are giving more credit than someone like pat who has been on the road for years and paid dues that frisell could n't imagine . is bill frisell a jazz musician , no ! maybe if the guy could woodshed for a dozen years he 'd come up with something . for me i 'll stick with the guys that really know how to play......johnny smith , peter leitch , jim hall , pat martino , kenny burrell , billy bauer , tal farlow , lenny breau , jimmy bruno , jimmy raney , wes montgomery and so on 
camera neg 401.txt i no longer own my previous and much finer camcorder , so i finally found myself in the market for purchasing some kind of camcorder until i could get back on my feet to get another good one . i thought this one may do , good price , looks sharp , purchased on impulse . . .big no-no . i will say the camera takes decent pictures ( as the previous reviews state , almost exclusively outside in broad daylight or indoors with very good lighting ) . other than that , do n't bother . the mp3 is a cute function ( and quite possibly the most practical ) . the video , uhh , let 's not even go there . the voice recorder , also not bad - records in wav format and can be transferred to pc . jack of all trades , master of none . . .i guess that would be the best way to finally describe this item . i will say that i 'll be saving up now for much better camcorder and no more " i just gotta have this right now " save your $ , find a quality product - even if you have to pay a little more for it . trust me , it will be overall better in the long run . . 
music pos 591.txt how dare you compare oasis to phil collins . phil collins sucks and oasis rules ! how come you do n't get the message ? you 're retarded 
music neg 190.txt ya , abomination to god also set it right in his worthy review . i remember the days where this panzy was praised and all of you ate that " one call away " and " right thurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr " garbage . does 2 stars explain anything ? this apparently is equal to that d4l s*** , which is actually the lowest of the low . anyways , did n't i tell you chingy would die one year after -jackpot - hit ? now that he 's dead , everybodies focused on t-pain , oh s*** ! 
camera pos 105.txt fast delivery , great price . i would buy from them again , thanks = 
camera pos 507.txt very nice bag and well made . however , i bought it for the canon dc100 dvd camcorder and found it a little small for carrying all the equipment ( cords and charger ) . 
music neg 191.txt lonestar did n't really surprise me with their 2001 effort . i 'm already there and not a day goes by suffers from " amazed " syndrome . amazed 's 1999 multi-format mega success is spread all over this album , their wanting to sound like every ' 80s heavy metal band power ballad . did they listen to monster ballads 2 too much while making this album in nashville ? i 'm already there comes off as very diane warren-ish in its sappy lyrics . their wanting to be diverse as a country band is okay , but these songs do n't work for them . these songs are just complete fluff and their other songs are far better than this . 
dvd neg 117.txt what a huge disappointment this release is . i was suspecting that it would n't be all that great when i saw that the studio that originally produced this show , 20th century fox , was the same video company releasing it . well , the first season looks horrible . the source material is all 16mm dupe prints , some parts of which are out of focus , scratched and dirty . in all cases the image is soft and , well , like 16mm . compared to what fox is releasing of voyage to the bottom of the sea , produced the same year ( 1964 ) and at the same studio as boone , this release is nothing short of a disgrace . we should be given pristine 35mm source material , and we 're not . i suspect fox would n't release the original camera negs from it 's vaults without a substantial fee . anyway , season one of daniel boone is n't worth buying . i have n't seen season two , when the show started filming in color , but i 'm now afraid to look 
music neg 707.txt after discovering and loving the sound of gotan project i was shopping around for groups with a similar sound . i stumbled along emigrante and upon reading the other reviews written on this site about this cd , i thought i had found another gem . boy was i wrong . the first track drew me in and left me spellbound , unfortunately , it was all downhill after that . i was listening to the cd for the first time in my car and forgot it was even on . the rest of the songs were so uninspiring , the music soon became nothing more than meaningless background noise 
camera neg 685.txt the me-1 provides a modest 1.2x magnification for viewfinders on olympus 's e-300 and e-500 cameras . ideally , this would allow sharper manual focusing and more precise framing . unfortunately , this did not happen when i used the me-1 to make a number of trial images with my e-500 , so i will be returning the me-1 for a refund . ( for the record , i wear prescription eyeglasses while shooting , with my " shooting eye " corrected to 20 / 20 vision . ) like other folks , i find the e-500 viewfinder a trifle small so that it 's not always easy to frame a shot and see exposure data at the same time . the camera must also be pressed against your face when framing , which is not always comfortable . in some ways , the me-1 created more problems than it solved . the me-1 kept the camera further from my face ( though it seemed to bump harder against my glasses ) , but at the cost of *narrowing* my angle of vision in the viewfinder . divide the viewfinder into four equal columns and rows so you have eight squares . the four squares in the middle of the viewfinder were easily visible , but those along the sides , top , and bottom were *less* visible than before , the corners considerably less . to frame a shot , i had to move my eye around the viewfinder much more with the me-1 than without it . to see exposure data , i had to shift my eye almost completely away from the image . more hassle than i need when shooting in the field . fortunately , there is another option that works for me . the e-300 and e-500 come with an ep-5 eyecup , which is definitely too small for my taste . but a larger eyecup is also available , the ep-6. the ep-6 keeps the camera a little further from my face . and with the viewfinder diopter properly adjusted ( a critical step no one seems to mention ) , the ep-6 allows me to see both the entire image and exposure data without shifting my eye very much at all . all of this will vary from person to person , of course , and there may be circumstances when the me-1 is exactly what 's needed - - so two rather than one star . but not in standard shooting conditions , especially if you need to compose , set exposure , and shoot quickly 
camera neg 883.txt i loved this camera when i got it . but after three months the lens would not close . it makes grinding noises , the canon logo pops up on the screen then shuts off again . i am very disappointed in this camera 
camera neg 861.txt i ordered two of the items above in error . i did not think the first order was submitted properly so therefore a second one was ordered and came from antonline . i have been trying since dec. 19 to return the wide angle lens and adapter to them . i am 71 years old and not computer savvy . i just wish i could get return labels and my account credited . they are still in the original packing as received and never been opened . thank you for being interested . i was informed by them that my time had expired . i do not believe this to be true , or does your opening web page not apply to them . 
camera pos 559.txt all i can say is , if you know what you 're doing ( basic knowledge in digital photography ) you 'll love this camera . adobe photoshop would be nice to have , too , if you like to play around with the pictures to make it more better . have fun 
books neg 419.txt this book was written in 1982 , updated in 1995. it has a whole section on cameras , which is n't useful since most of them are outdated . does n't even mention digital cameras . since it specifically discusses the mechanics of cameras , i found this book to be disappointing . 
camera pos 955.txt i bought this camera just before a trip to ca and then a cruise ! it is very easy to operate ( even for a techno-retard like me ) and the pictures turned out great ! i have started to use the filming feature recently as my video recorder is with my son @ college and i want to film my daughter 's drill team performances ! i really like the fact that it does n't turn on while in my purse ! ! ! my old camera did that a couple of times , and i ended up with quite a few pictures of the contents of my purse - anyone want one ? ( lol ) all in all , a great buy ! 8 months later and the lcd display is gone ! literally , gone ! do n't know what happened - took pictures / movies of daughter 's drill team performance , and when i got it out again to take pictures before sadie hawkins , it would still take pictures ( i just downloaded them ) but since the display looks like " a piece of plaid fabric with a marijuana leaf coming in from the right side " i do n't know what i 'm taking a picture of ! need to replace soon ! i 'm ( now ) bummed 
camera pos 251.txt the case is great ! it fits the camera perfectly and is exactly what i expected to receive when ordering . the price was right but the shipping was a little higher than i expected 
camera neg 52.txt i purchased this set , and upon arrival , i found the circular polarizer to be defective . amazon quickly replaced the set , and this polarizer did not work either ! i returned the set , as i am not going to waste any more time trying to get a polarizer that works . i 'll pay more , and get a quality product from a different maker . i will say that amazon is second to nobody for customer service . i appreciate that , and will continue to be an amazon customer . however , i ca n't say the same for tiffen . 
music neg 701.txt while the title cut with joe public was bumping most of this disc is so-so&amp ; formula driven.without teddy riley the grooves&amp ; vibe are n't as strong 
camera neg 892.txt watch out they will not ship it for 40 days after you buy i 
music neg 864.txt this cd should not have been released because it adds really nothing to this jarrett quartet 's other three releases . it 's like taking a fat paint brush full of cheap house paint and making a greasy mess of what was a very beautiful triptych . " belonging , " " my song , " and " nude ants " are all virtuoso , spiritually empowered performances and should by all means be purchased and enjoyed . but , i 'd go nada on this one if i were you . i was sitting with my 88-year-old mother listening to the last track and complaining about how lame it was and she said it was " hum-drum . " and she 's 88 , likes lawrence welk and it was past her bedtime . ( it 's past " late night willie 's " bedtime too , i hate to tell you . ) heck , i 've heard high school jazz bands cook twice as hot as this " keith and the somnambulists " incarnation . garbarek sounds like he 's going to give himself a hernia trying to get out the altissimos . i ca n't think of one interesting drum riff in the whole 61 minutes plus . ( neither can christensen . ) les scandinavianes sound like they need about 10 hours sleep and then , maybe , they start thinking about picking up musical instruments . jarrett is as wired as ever , but even he ca n't keep up with some of the tempos and the overall mood is disoriented , forced and cumbersome . how any reviewer can say that this release captures the quartet 's tight integration , displayed amazingly well elsewhere , is beyond me . with the exception of " innocence , " none of the compositions are very good , either . " oasis " has an interesting , if dire , melody line , but it ca n't summon the required ambience because of all of the clutter and dog poop around it . unlike the other three releases mentioned above , this one has very little magnetism - the first track is all rambling rose jazz , where none of the musicians are feeding off each other . i do n't enjoy this kind of jazz , so cliched and unintegrated . it contains that jarrettian need to rush things and gang jump the tempo with heavy-handed neurosis peddled as jazz fusion . you feel like some nut in a bmw is suddenly sitting 10 inches off your bumper , too demented to use the passing lane . ( yes , i know keith has mastered his scales and likes to crack knuckles with tempos and , yes , i now have a headache . ) there is an interesting part at the end , however , where garbarek cuts way back on the throttle and swaggers around in the lower and upper registers of his tenor sax in some nice ways . but the transition is contrived at best and bears no organic relation to the first part . only " innocence " benefits from the fact that these guys are probably taking a red eye flight to new york soon . it is a beautiful lullabye , arguably jarrett 's best composition . true , the " nude ants " version is all you need really , but something happens on this version of the song that is very special . jarrett puts in one of his best , if not his best , jazz piano performances . the composition is perfectly suited to his virtuosity and sensitivities and the somnambulists , who are still pulling a code 9 , ca n't screw it up even if they want to . ( there is a halo around keith jarrett 's head i bet you . ) garbarek ( somnambulist #1 ) plays the melody with a lot of heart , but he screws up the tempo in a very brief , weak improvisation . the man is tapped , knows it and decides it 's time to end the song . palle danielsson ( somnambulist #2 ) misses a lot of notes ( doubly bad on double bass ) and goes off into an ill-conceived , top-heavy improvisation right at the beginning of the song . like garbarek , he knows enough to stop and retreat , letting jarrett take over . i ca n't remember a dang thing about somnambulist #3 ( christensen ) . but jarrett 's effort cannot be touched and he plays like a true wizard . a week later at the village vangard ( " nude ants " ) , they 'll all be playing at this level . if anything , i 'd like to see the pm version of " innocence " included in a compilation of the best concert performances by this quartet rather than a whole release of this mediocre concert . for the most part here , we get hum-drum mountains , where many of the great riffs from the releases mentioned above are handled like a shaky old butler serving up tea , with people getting burned and tablecloths getting ruined . in particular , garbarek 's performance on " nude ants " is far superior to this one and maybe the mean streets of greenwich village got his " norwegian up . " maybe they were n't so sure if they were going to make it back to the hotel alive - new york used to be like this you know - and , well , it just might be your last gig . on " personal mountains , " it 's all polite " thank yous " and japanese clapping robotically . not a tinkling glass of booze in the whole schmooze . not even a bonze meditating for more . but , that manfred eicher , such a card , i tell you . 
music neg 367.txt or in their entire career for that matter . i have tried to like this band , but greg dulli just wo n't shut up . every song is his snide lyrical diatribing , on and on and on . the guitarist keeps things mildly interesting , but on this album in particular , the drummer also wo n't shut up and play a straight beat for once . it 's like three guys in their own worlds , and they mash it together and call what they 've done songs . except for the one decent song they did , the only rock song i can think of that is hard , psychedelic , passionate , powerful , and set to a waltz beat of all things . " let me lie to you " is the best song they ever made , because everyone in the band is given room to breathe by the song 's framework and tempo . instead of piling in on top of each other till the end of the song like they usually seem to do , everyone agrees to hold back until the rushing choruses , and it 's less muddled and better orchestrated for it . it 's a shame they did n't do any other songs like this , at least none that i have heard . i tried to like them , i really did . i wanted to find the band that made that one song , and discover a whole treasure chest of dark , passionate , noisy music like that . too bad , no wonder they drifted apart 
camera neg 991.txt if you are going to lay out $500 for a camera , you should expect a fair amount of camera . however , i have a few gripes here . first , there is no remote control for it which makes setting up a shot tough . all the nikons in the d series can use a wireless remote . you can buy an underwater case for those magnificent nikons so you can shoot underwater . you can get over 10 megapixels in a d80 , or d200 and you get that great nikkor lens . you do n't get much of a lens on the dc500 , and 5 megapixels do n't get you very far when it comes to printing and publication quality images . lets face it : this is an expensive point-n-shoot camera for a tourist , not a serious camera . nuff said . - 
music pos 362.txt when i bought this i played it on repeat for about 45 hours . different versions than on the album ( i think it 's their demo ) . this version of modern age is amazing . definitely worth buying 
music pos 943.txt purchased this album because of the great album cover , was i surprised when i popped it into my cd player . i had n't heard of rick braun before but after listening to this cd , i ran out and purchased everything he has ever recorded . never have i heard a trumpet sound so beautiful . share this music with someone you love 
music pos 203.txt first up i give this album a 4.5 / 5 for the fac that it has real hiphop beats and good lyrics . real hiphop , they stayed true to the sound . i just didnt give it a 5 since im not the biggest tcq fan and of that style . but all these emcees spit hott lyrics in this album . tracks like " keep it movin " , " hot sex " have ill beats . this album does have a real jazzy sound to it , which im not the biggest fan of , but its more of a unique style , and they deserve props for trying new styles . so overall this is a really good album , and worth getting . my top 5 songs 1.buggin out 2.hot sex 3.oh my god 4.luck of lucien 5.keep it movi 
music neg 13.txt after months of searching , i found the out of print cd here . i had never heard it , but after hearing the fabulous song & quot ; my only&quot ; from the & quot ; good as it gets&quot ; movie soundtrack , i had to hear the album . what a disappointment ! oh well , it would have been hard to make a cd as good as that song 
music pos 568.txt while nothing in the film works very well except perhaps the chemistry between travolta and stowe , the sublime soundtrack is another story . descriptions such as " haunting " and " soul moving " are right on the money , one might also add ineffable to the list . 
camera neg 202.txt gosh , i would really like to review this adapter , but- - - amazon has put my order on indefinate hold , as thier supplier is unable to get any more . but wait ! what 's that blurb on the product page - " availability : ususally ships within 24 hours " and " want it delivered tomorrow ? order it in the next 5 hours and 36 minutes , and choose one-day shipping at checkout . see details . " so they ca n't deliver it , yet they still list it as available for delivery tomorrow ? do n't order from amazon 
music pos 437.txt i must agree with the comments made by other reviewers . this album is great . nancy wilson 's voice on this album is unlike anything i have ever heard . you ca n't honestly say you 're a fan of jazz if you do n't own this 
camera pos 966.txt i liked this lens . i used it , for the first time , while traveling through peru . it was light-weight and easy to use . at 200mm , most of my pictures turned out great , especially when i was on steady ground ( taking pictures from a rocking boat with no tripod is a bit of a challenge ! ) . i 've printed some 8x10 's of close-ups i took using this lens and i was quite impressed with the quality . it was also in my price range . overall , i 'd say it was a " good bang for the buck . 
music pos 233.txt low tech and brilliant , music that seems to have channeled zappa , winchester cathedral , and god knows what else . incredibly funny , and then suddenly sad . mr pink is a genius , you betcha . and he explains what it is and how it is to live here in this strange quasi-city in the shadow of the industry , in the curiously full and fun wasteland of other people 's dreams 
camera neg 860.txt i was very happy with the previous model dsc-n1 , which took very nice pictures just with pointing and shooting . but this one , while i only had chance to use it indoors and outdoor in raining weather , it really disappointed me . the pictures are always blured due to too much exposure , i used auto flash , for which the camera should takes nice pictures as it is a point and shoot camera and it is 10.1mp ! i 'm going to try more when the weather gets better but most possible i will return it , i just ca n't accept the quality of the indoor pictures it takes . i doubt i was unlucky and got a bad one , i ca n't believe a 10.1mp sony camera takes so poor pictures . and after reading the previous review about the terrible sony custmer servce , i decide i will avoid sony customer service , and the camera will just be returned . note : found the review by cecelia choy " cece " on march 13 , 2007 mentioned the same problem i had . i did n't have this problem with my previous model dsc-n1. april 17 , 2006 : i bought a new one and it takes nice pictures now ! suggestion for those having the same problem i had before - - exchange for another one ! ! 
music pos 682.txt i ca n't believe the harshness of some of the comments on this album . not a lot of in between among the notices - - those that hate are mean and heartless . very hurtful . lousy counterpoint to her warmth . i do n't think they understand that she does n't have to lose control to be meaningful and touching . take her as an original instead of as a mimic . what do i hear ? i love her lush voice on this album and fred hersch 's brilliant piano accompaniment . bill frisell is very good , too . i love jazz & pop as well as opera . ren ? e fleming can make it any of these genres . these songs are very much her own interpretation . they are ' deeper ' than what you 've heard before . even if i prefer nancy wilson or eva cassidy singing " you 've changed , " ren ? e fleming sings it warmly and beautifully , in her own style , and very touching , too . she 's not carried by full orchestration , mostly just fred and her . i was going to write that " my one and only love " was especially good , but as the cd kept playing , i must say that they are all especially good . enjoy 
camera pos 426.txt i bought this camera to take pictures of my family and friends . i have had if for more than one year , and it has performed above expectations under all conditions . the 1 minute video feature is great , and was an unexpected bonus ( since i did n't know about it when i bought it off amazon ) . the camera works great with iphoto and macos x . i bought a 512 mb card for it and so far it has been great . both my father and my father in law have the previous powershot s400 and they have had no problems with it . i figure at some point i 'll have to change the battery , because lithium-ions lose 20% capacity per year , but so far it has worked flawlessly . 
music pos 46.txt these guys are the best group out right now . every single rapper is amazing even bizarre who is not great so far as flow but probably has the funniest lyrics . this album brought me some of my favorite songs to date including sh*t can happen , pistol pistol , ai n't nuttin ' but music , american psycho , fight music & revelation . my favorite rappers are swifty & eminem but the fact is every one should have a solo album out by now ( besides em , only proof ( r.i.p. ) & bizarre do.. . which are my least favorite rappers in the group ) every song is great even the skits are enjoyable . if you do n't have this yet , you are missing out on one of the best cds ever 
dvd neg 700.txt this movie ended where tyrese gibson and meagan good meet up again in mexico . but heck , they are both fugitives hiding from the law . how is this a proper happy ending ? although , i will admit , meagan good is a fine looking young lady . just knowing that she was in this film , got me to want to watch it . however , i do n't understand the appeal of these kinds of films . violent " black / gangsta " films with lots of foul language , gun-play , and just bad tempered attitudes . even that music sounds like it would stir up hatred and provoke violence and harm to anyone just passing by . i wish people would get rid of that " what are you looking at ? " mentality that just seems to encourage fear to innocent people just passing by . my wife is asian , and her older sister married an hispanic guy . we go to their house every thanksgiving and christmas . nothing makes my holidays more depressing than to have to go over to his house and have to watch these violent " gangsta " movies , with his kids . i 'm trying to teach my kids to not have any prejudices of other races , but these kinds of films make the black race look bad . there was n't very many positive messages in this movie . and if black people are so offended by the use of the " n " word , then why do they keep using it themselves ? if it 's such an offensive term , then they need to stop using it themselves . these kinds of movies promote and glorify the ugly side of being black in the " big city " . black people need to do more movies with more " positive " themes . we gotta work together if we 're going to diminish our black and white prejudices . i wish my brother-in-law would stop having this kind of crap on his tv when i have my children over . it 's hard to talk to him about it , especially when he thinks there is nothing wrong with our kids watching these kinds of films . what 's more , it 's hard to reason with someone that has to use the " f " word in every sentence . i 'm really beginning to struggle with my prejudices within my own family . 
music pos 132.txt some of the catchiest melodies and harmonies ever from curt . lots of cool instrumentation . pete anderson did a great job with the production . this has n't left my cd player since i got it 4 days ago 
music pos 756.txt i love to working with this soundtrack in the back ground . the music is fun , whimsical , and out of the ordinary . i like pop and rock , but sometimes you just need good music without the lame lyrics 
music pos 227.txt my son loves music and really likes dan zanes . we started with the videos on disney and the " catch that train " song really got us singing , so we ordered this cd . now my son sings along with it , dances and jumps around . dan zanes really is fun for the family 
camera neg 902.txt i returned this camera after trying very hard to like . picture quality ( movie or still ) is totally unacceptable . i did not even get one good still picture . forget about indoors video or still . the falsh and video light are useless . the overall quality of the camera is low . 
music pos 718.txt after leaving ( or being dismissed from ) pink floyd in 1968 due to his lsd use & erratic behaviour , singer / songwriter / guitarist syd barrett re-emerged in 1970 with his debut solo album , " the madcap laughs . " the album did not come easy , as syd never fully recovered from his drug use , and it clearly shows in his ragged performances on " madcap laughs . " producer malcolm jones did what he could with syd for about half of the album , before handing the production reigns over to barrett 's former floyd mates roger waters & david gilmour to finish the job . throughout the album , bum notes are played , beats are missed , and barrett sings off-key . and on the rocker songs , the session players ( from the group the soft machine ) sound like they are struggling to keep up with syd , who could hit a rough patch at any moment . for any other artist , this would all be nothing short of disastrous . and yet....in the case of syd barrett , any and all mistakes are immediately forgiven . why ? because barrett 's songs on " the madcap laughs " are all wonderfully written , and although syd 's voice and guitar-playing are obviously not in tip-top condition , you can plainly hear on this album that he 's trying . he 's really , really *trying* to do his best , and his efforts really do shine through . for every bum note there 's a passage that syd plays beautifully , for every missed beat there are many beats that are hit right on schedule , and for every note that syd sings off-key , there are many moments where his very distinctive , british voice is magical . and of course , there 's syd 's lyrics . you may not know what all of them actually *mean* , really , but to my ears , they 're still poetry . the rockers are still powerful ( " no good trying , " " no man 's land , " the rockabilly fun of " here i go , " and the classic " octopus " ) , and the softer numbers still have great beauty to them ( " terrapin , " the passionate " dark globe , " the effective " golden hair " - --based on a james joyce poem- --and " long gone " ) . even the more ragged numbers like " feel " and " if it 's in you , " somehow still hang together quite well ( amusingly , we even hear some brief banter from syd in the middle of " if it 's in you , " as his voice goes wildly off the map , he stops playing , prepares for another take , and finally gets through the song ) . when all is said and done , " the madcap laughs , " warts and all , is an excellent album . it is a flawed masterpiece , and it shows that syd barrett , even with his mind irreversibly fractured by this point , was still a genius musician . 
music neg 951.txt this never should 've been pressed . they should 've taken the mix and thrown it out . do not buy ! ! 
camera neg 342.txt doesnt work even though the lenmar website says it does . i thought it was a pretty good deal for $26. i wouldnt even give it one star coz it plain doesnt work 
camera pos 227.txt i purchased this tripod from 47th street photo through amazon.com . the tripod appeared to arrive in good shape , except that the operating instructions were not included . i immediately emailed 47th stree photo at the customer service address printed on the flyer they included with my shipment . i asked them if they would be able to send me a copy of the operating instructions . they did not respond to my email , so a few days later i emailed them again . once again , no response . i then emailed amazon.com , and informed them of the missing instructions and the non-responses from 47th street photo . no response from amazon either ! as far as the tripod goes , it appears to be a very good value for the money . i gave it 4 rather than 5 stars because , due to the missing operating instructions , i cannot be certain i have properly checked out all of its features . however , i am certain that both 47th street photo and amazon.com rate zero stars for customer service . i will use neither one again 
camera pos 560.txt i have been using the fuji e550 for almnost two years , with none of the problems that have been reported by some of the reviewers . here are the negatives : 1 ) the flash has mediocre range and is a little finicky . if you do n't depress the shooting button all the way , it may not flash . 2 ) in bright light , the screen on the back is unusable - it washes out the image . but the camera has a fine viewfinder so this is not really a major issue . the positives : 1 ) it takes great pictures . really excellent . 2 ) it 's small , and easy to carry . 3 ) the controls are well thought out and positioned on the camera body . very easy to use . 4 ) it has several automatic modes - sports , landscapes , portrait , etc , or you can use it on manual . i always use one of the programmed modes . 5 ) the video option is not bad at all - my twelve year old ( now 13 ) uses it . i was so pleased with this camera i bought one for my administrative assistant about ten months ago , and she is very happy with it . at it 's current price i think this camera is a bargain . only reason i did n't give it five stars is because of the weak flash . 
camera neg 328.txt i agree with the people complaining about the poor cs policy at jvc . they let me down as well , when it was obvious the camera was poorly designed and built . i am now using a different brand and will definitely avoid jvc in the future . i just hate it when companies do not care about their customers but just about profit . this will come back and bite them in the behind 
music pos 881.txt i recently acquired this cd from my local indepedent record store . this is a wonderful cd . there is not much i can say . i am a pianist myself , and it is enlightening to see how this brilliant composer / player plays the piano . his style is completely unique . thelonius monk is one of my favourite jazz artists . i recommend this to anybody who has any interest in jazz 
music pos 835.txt i think his debut had the best lyrics . this joint gets off to a good start with we still party and pretty much bangs till the end . his production on here is best described as " late 90 's roger troutman-esque g-funk " . geust stars like 2nd ii none , amg , suga free and el debarge get their shine on . top joints : we still party ( peter gunz and quik on the track ) quik jacks the verb song from school house rock . ( the jam ) so many wayz hand in hand you'z a ganxta ( quik refutes rumors that he was involved in biggie 's demise . also denounces reference to death in rap songs . ) i useta know her ( should be called i useta hit that ) speed medley for a ' v ' ( the p***y medley ) get 2getha again ( class of 91 , 2nd ii none , amg and quik triple team on this track . ) reprise ( medley for a ' v ) 
camera neg 652.txt here 's the good news : i have had many cameras in my life , digital and film , and i have found the z1 to be my favorite . the camera is very user friendly and the pictures are sharp with great color . my previous camera was a minolta dimage 7 ( $800 ) and i found that this camera 's photo quality was just as good . the best feature of the camera is the fact that it is sturdy and compact enough to carry with you daily . owning this camera made taking pictures a daily part of my life . here 's the bad news : recently my camera broke and when i tried to contact fuji to get a replacement or a repair , the service was terrible . their website is very difficult to navigate and offers very little support . summary : great camera as long as it does n't break . it 's easier to pay someone to fix it than actually get fuji to repair it 
music pos 359.txt i rarely write reviews , but i need to comment on how fantastic this compilation is . i have a four-year-old and an eighteen-month-old , and this cd is in heavy rotation at our house . my husband and i love the music at least as much as they do - - it 's stylish and sets a great mood as we 're making dinner and doing dishes . the kids love it too , needless to say . my four-year-old 's favorites are three blind mice ( she loves when the farmer 's wife squeaks that she 'll give back the tails ) and the final track by peggy lee ( where she says the word *poop* , as in " party poop " - - endless laughter ensues ) . ella fitzgerald 's a-tisket , a-tasket and chew , chew your bubblegum are priceless . all in all , i highly recommend this cd - - everyone will be happy to hear it again and again 
music pos 628.txt five stars may be excessive if you judge this cd alongside the greatest classics , but when compared to similar cds within the singer-songwriter folk-rock genre , this beautifully simple and powerful collection really shines . i find myself coming back to this cd more often than to many better-known classics because it has a freshness and originality that sustain interest . the writing , while occasionally a bit awkward , is consistently interesting , honest and moving . the themes of introspection , nostalgia , regret , and defiance are presented in a searingly personal manner . the song " if i were a man " is a rich celeration of the wonders women bring to relationships and the world ; " child of steel " plucks the heartstrings with an achingly wistful delicacy ; and " take my body " is a strong lament about the objectification of women . i especially love the pared-down guitar arrangements ; the simplicity really works with ms. cash 's strong vocals and makes me wish some of my other favorite vocalists would occasionally just get back to basic guitar accompaniments . i 've seen ms. cash perform live and , while she has other hits that may be more popular , this collection reveals her unique brilliance 
music neg 810.txt mindless jock rock masterminded by a dope fiend . this kind of crap could n't even sell a can of coke these days . choreographed crunches of noise as lame as a crackhead on crutches . i hear scott weiland kept a billy goat in his trailer during the making of this snoozer - - and that when recording was all done the goat was nowhere to be found , but scotty was sporting a fresh new goatie 
music pos 542.txt together with ' the best of kool&amp ; the gang' ..... t h i s is the ultimate bit of funk that i 've found so far . the tracks may not always have a & quot ; song structure&quot ; ( and for me the women singers may be omitted. . ) - the funkiest bits in history are found here ! ! ! ! ! ! 
camera pos 310.txt an excellent flash to use with my canon 20d at a fantastic price , the canon 580ex was an expensive option , but should i buy one in the future ? the 430ex is perfect as a slave unit . great product from canon as always 
camera pos 910.txt the nikon s3 has proven to be a good buy . it is affordable yet takes a quality photo . in addition this camera is easy to use and fits conveniently in a pocket . this camera has the ranging ability to take both a simple aim and shoot photo , and at the same time complex skill shots that is complemented by computer editing and redeye reduction . my only complaint is as a result of the user . if the camera does not have time to focus , then the picture quality suffers immensely . this camera has only been in use for about two months but has not let me down yet ! my rating : 9 / 10 
music neg 538.txt i have all 5 volumes and this is the only one i do n't like . the selection of music is just plain bad . there are a few songs that are ok but most are just dull , dull , dull . i recommend going with one of the first 4 volumes instead 
music pos 735.txt i was in walmart 's electronic area ( which is where you can usually find me ! ) and i saw the album . i heard unbelieveable and i was sold on that song but could n't find the single . the album on first listen was not my favorite , but after a while i started liking it . it is a great album and i 'm glad i bought it . talent is a virtue ! 
camera neg 295.txt but the stitching was irregular on the front . i thought the company produced good products , but i was mistaken when i bought this item . next time i 'll just go to bestbuy for a camera case 
music neg 183.txt first of all , i am a fan of madonna 's music ( not all of it , but a lot of it ) as well as a huge abba fan . now i realize that sampling has been very successful for many artists.. . and apparently it is here as well , but why ca n't these producers make something more intriguing or dynamic ? gimme gimme gimme ( the abba song that is sampled here ) is a fairly simple song to begin with ( as many abba songs are ) but the complicated arrangements ( both vocally and instrumentally ) are what made abba 's songs interesting and fun to listen to . but taking a few bars of the original song , repeating it over and over and over , adding a dance beat , various other musical effects and a new melody does not add up to a pop masterpiece . i think she would 've been better off either following a similar chord progression to gimme gimme gimme or just doing a cover.. . perhaps benny and bjrn should 've stuck to their strict " no sampling " rule here ! for some reason many of today 's dance / pop songs get too caught up in the production and lack any real substance.. . a good example of a radio-friendly dance / pop song with a somewhat complicated chord structure is acoustic alchemy 's " so kylie " on their american / english album ( the song sounds simple enough but if you really listen to what 's going on , you 'll notice subtle chord changes and a really nice progression ) . now i 'm not going to say " hung up " is a terrible song , because everyone has their own taste . but i 'm sorry to say it just does n't do anything for me. . 
camera neg 496.txt this product link needs to be corrected , as the battery contained in the kit is not the same battery which is used in the dcr-dvd7. do not purchase this accesory kit if you intend to use it for the dcr-dvd7 camera . 
music neg 474.txt my dj side : i actually had to stop the music , open the tray on the cd player then check whether i had the right cd1 down-tempo in , or some other cd that my wife played before as the music was so not what i was expecting , sounding more like deep forest than jvm . to my surprise , it was jimmy 's balance 10. i decided to keep an open mind and listen to it anyway . i went to sleep after the 4th track . the next day i decided to listen to the second cd ( mid tempo ) . again i stopped the music , opened the tray on the cd player then checked whether i had the ( mid tempo cd ) in instead of the down-tempo i was playing the night before . sure enough , the ( mid tempo ) was what i had in the player , but did not sound much different than the lullabies i was listening to on cd1. when the mid-tempo was over , i thought to myself " well , this would be very nice for an upcoming relaxing dinner with friends " . the next day i had high hopes for the up tempo cd , cause well , as the name implies , it should be where the beats and treats are . but no . not really . the only reason i did n't freak out from listening to the 1st and 2nd cd of jimmy van m 's balance release is because for three days i kept telling myself that there is an up tempo cd . i did n't mind cd1&2 out of place pop tracks , i did n't mind the different types of music being played in sequence , or rather , out of sequence . i did n't mind hotel lobby music that reminded me of a hotel i stayed in two years ago in vienna . all this will be forgivable when i hear the up-tempo , because i was so sure it 's going to be awesome . unfortunately , i was not quite right about my assumptions . things did not start happening until track 5 ( the reducer 2 ) , i do n't really need some 4 tracks on the third cd to get me warmed up . jimmy warmed me up for 37 tracks before that , in his down + mid-tempo crap . for the most part , this production of the balance series - especially the first 41 tracks in sequence - churned out some of the most lethargic , way too slow and boring music that could be described , at best , as lullabies for grown ups . as for the last 9 tracks of the up-tempo , it is actually - dare i say - decent enough , but way too late , and even worse , ended prematurely . it should have been re-arranged with tracks in reverse order on every cd to be as follows : ( cd3 ) up-tempo should have been ( cd1 ) renamed ( in the car from club to home ) , ( cd2 ) mid-tempo should have been renamed ( at home in the living room ) and finally ( cd1 ) down-tempo should have been ( cd3 ) renamed ( in your bedroom ) . this just makes more sense . the reason i say this is due to the disproportionate figures of dance tracks given to us ( 9 ) to the rest of the sleepy , mellow ones ( 41 ) . for example , chill out house almost always start with a faster track or two then goes on to be slower gradually . i have never come across a chill cd that opened with 10 fast tracks and ended with 03 slow ones , that 's not chill . jvm balance did exactly that ; took forever to ascend to a certain point , then crashed almost immediately . what gives ? half star for cd1 half star for cd2 3 stars for cd3 my human side : dance music is not the only type of beautiful music out there , duh ! jimmy made that very clear in this release . if you want to listen to a wide range of ( not bad ! ) music , then balance 10 is for you . dive in jvm selection of what he thinks makes us human ; expressions of the soul that goes beyond our daily necessities to survive . as a matter of fact , we do n't even need music ( or any type of arts for that matter ) to survive at all . still we listen to it , we crave it and for many people their livelihood depends on it . music can represent our feelings , desires and wishes , and with jvm deep forest like music here ( as i mentioned before ) i ca n't help but wonder if he is going through a certain period in his life where spirituality and oneness with the world is a priority . i think it shows . 
camera neg 830.txt date on still photo will not print , it 's no good where yoy need that type of info on the printed photo 
books pos 171.txt those who condemn this book for not being a long , boring list of name origins and meanings , or for stating that their name has gone out of style for today 's children , are missing the point . " baby names now " is a fun , readable guide to what people are naming their children in the early 2000s , including famous namesakes ( saints , popes , presidents , royalty , music and movie stars ) and what some celebrities have named their children . it 's also fascinating to read how certain names have gone out of style : for example " lisa , " " amy , " " susan " and " dawn " were very popular for babies born in the 60s ( and thus , my classmates ) , but are rarely used today . the book 's major flaw is in not recognizing that parents name their children using the last names of people they admire , not just the first names . at one point , it reads " harrison ford...is almost certainly the reason for the name harrison 's popularity " - excuse me , ever hear of the beatles ? the entries for the name " jordan " do n't mention michael jordan , certainly a major inspiration for that name in this area . the entry for " jackson " does n't mention michael , janet , or samuel l . the entry for " landon " does n't mention michael . the entries for " cassidy " do n't mention david and shaun , so popular in the 70s when many of today 's moms were growing up . the entry for " lucas " - do i have to say it , fellow star wars kids grown up and naming their children ? and come on , how can you mention the name " wayne " without acknowledging the popularity of john wayne ? still , this is a lot of fun , and i give the authors credit for recognizing that " althea " is from a grateful dead song . i look forward to the next edition 
camera pos 984.txt this is panasonic 's entry-level camcorder , but it 's packed with useful features , like good image quality , 12 lux sensitivity , and a whopping 30x optical zoom . i think it 's perfect for casual travel videography as well as for shooting entries to the " america 's funniest video " show . it 's fairly easy to use and the build quality is solid . a good optional accessory to get is a spare battery . you never know if the battery might run out at the most inopportune time , so be sure to pick up a backup one . given the recent dell recall of 4.1 million laptops due to battery fire , you should get a genuine panasonic liion battery designd specifically for this model . do n't put your life or your loved one 's at risk . the reviewer named " hung " got it totally wrong ( or was just plain lying ) . the gs29 does come with ieee1394 firewire ( aka i.link ) so you can download your videos quickly to your pc ; if your pc does n't already have an ieee1394 port , you can get a pci ieee1394 card for $30 or less . you can use windows movie maker , included with windows me and xp , to edit your videos and export them to cds or dvds . 
music neg 293.txt this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " . 
music pos 151.txt when i first purchase this album the first time . it was exceptional then and it still is . exceptional and gifted group these ladies rule the early 90's . some of my favorites free your mind , my lovin , it ai n't over till the fat lady sings , just to name a few . envogues voices all of them work masterfully together they way a head of their time . as far as female groups they rank 5 stars in my book following such groups as supremes , labelle , tlc the had allot orginiality and appeal that drew people to them because of the voices and their orignal material . they are trendsetters . please go buy this cd . i will buy it again myself . i have the cassette . i need the cd for my collection . i know they came out with a new album hopefully this will be a great album as well . go envogue g 
camera neg 678.txt be warned , if you have a computer with a slot dvd drive , you simply cannot transfer your video files to your computer for editing , sharing , whatever . ca n't be done without a series of possibly mythical workarounds and loss of quality with each step . i was even willing to consider buying an external dvd drive with a firewire connection and a loading tray that supported the 8 cm disks , but could n't find one . i searched all over , asked in several places on the apple web boards , talked to the ' geniuses ' at the apple store - this camera is simply not usable with a macintosh that has a slot drive . talk about crazy ! 
camera pos 544.txt third camera from kodak easyshare . great performance and pics . slendor size 
music pos 260.txt kate is one of the most talented musicians on this earth . the dreaming was underrated when it was first released , but i think that has to do with the fact that it was way ahead of its time . this is a superb album , tracks like sat in your lap , suspended in gaffa , leave it open , night of the swallow , houdini , and get out of my house proving this point . there 's lots of anger on this album , as kate put it herself many years ago , and it is her " darkest " effort to date , but it 's pure brilliance ! buy it and be convinced.... . 
music pos 199.txt rare are the electronic albums that are so consistantly inspired . melodies are beautifully simple and soothing , sounds are particularly well crafted . a great album . the drum box could be a bit more discreet though 
music pos 527.txt and he know 's nothing about popular music and really should get back to work and stop sitting around convincing himself that he does . dumbass 
music neg 480.txt i know , i know - i never thought it possible either , that gwen stefani could produce something more awful than anything her ( ex ? ) band no doubt and reduced to house-husband gavin rosdale 's band bush ever could combined . take no doubt 's attempts at reggae , their use of guitars and trumpets ( together ? never good ) , take. . well , every bush song ever recorded and " hollaback girl " is still a hundred times worse . let 's talk about why . first of all , that fake music thing i hate . if you 've read any of my previous reviews ( and if not , why not ? ) you 'll know that if someone is singing something , even if they 've written it or not , you 've got to believe it . i mean , aretha franklin did n't write " respect " ( otis redding did ) , but when she sings it - you believe it . not so with this , a laughable attempt at a football-chant soundalike . here , gwen tells us that " uh-huh , this my s**t " and " this s**t is bananas " . and then helpfully spells out bananas , all under a " hey mickey " type repetitive drumbeat . gwen attempts to sound a number of things. . a ) 17 b ) black c ) " street " d ) like she had any idea what the hell a " hollaback girl " actually was until someone told her a week before the song was written . she fails on all accounts . what she does come across as being is everything that , well , she is . a white , 35 year old rich married woman bringing in expensive young talent to help her sell albums . it 's not only an unconvinving song , but a crass , ugly , tedious noise . but it has the word " s**t " repeated loads and loads of times , so of course it sold by the bucketload . sigh and double sigh . i shudder to think what she 'll come up with next to top it . gwen gangsta rap ? the_curmudgeon_hates_you@yahoo.co.u 
camera neg 196.txt i purchased the 8 x 10 photo frame as a way to display photos at my wedding reception and planned to use it in my home thereafter . i was able to get the product running and to load a ' test ' set of pictures , but the product then ' froze ' at the startup screen . i checked the pacific digital support website , which provided steps ( basically , a sequence of buttons to hold down ) to ' unfreeze ' and reinitialize the unit . i tried this sequence several times , to no avail , and then called pacific digital customer service . after repeated messages left on a voice mail system ( " we 're sorry we missed your call - we 'll get back to you " ) at all times of the day and night , i was unable to contact anyone at the company and no calls were ever returned . long story short - our wedding came and went , the problem was never ( and will apparently never be ) resolved , and the digital photo frame is now a $390 paperweight . absolutely useless . my recommendation : do not purchase a pacific digital product . this is clearly a fly-by-night outfit 
camera pos 552.txt i originally bought the edit 120 ( no detachable case ) but was looking for a separate bag in which to keep the cables that are not used often ( to leave at home ) . then i came across the edit 120+ with the detachable case which fit the bill exactly . not haven actually seen the detachable bag yet , i was somewhat concerned about the method / design of the atachment . it needed to be easy to remove , but it also needed to be secure ; the pictures i found on the internet did n't show how it was attached . i was relieved when i actually saw how it was attached . there is a slotted bottom on the main bag the entire length of the bag ( an open slot is at each end ) . the add-on bag has a wide semi-rigid flap that slides through the slotted bottom and a fold down tab on the free end that is secured by velcro . the attachment method is secure and is almost invisable , and the design compliments the aesthetics of the original bag . i think the original bag is very good , and the add-on detachable bag makes this a superb choice . unfortunately , you have to buy this as a combination . if you originally bought the 120 single bag version , it does n't have the slotted bottom on it and ca n't be retrofitted ( and i do n't think they sell the detachable bag separately ) 
music pos 878.txt this album has morse code on it , what more can you say.. . ...well some of that morse code actually sounds like that ua6 you just worked on 40 metres , complete with t6 buzz and slow drift . and the music is pretty good too . 
music pos 766.txt engelbert humperdinck ` s name has remained for almost five decades in the great musical stages . in spain there is a term that fits so well to describe his magnetism : duende . he shone with radiant intensity in the age of the great crooners , the most difficult , indeed : frankie , tony bennet , andy williams , dean martin , matt monroe , bobby vinton , booby goldsboro , glenn campbell , o.c. smith , otis reading , pat boone , kenny rogers , paul anka and neil diamond ( from time to time ) among the most remarkable ones . his peculiar style has deserved him the best acknowledgments all over the world . his multifacetic repertoire and elegant voice confers him presence and conviction every time he appears on stage . his name is now a legend . go for this admirable collection , you will enjoy it over and over 
camera neg 844.txt i bought this camera after owning an olympus digital camera for years . i was extremely happy with my olympus , but wanted something smaller that would fit in my purse or diaper bag since i 'm expecting . this camera was such a disappointment . just about every single picture i took had huge white blobs all over it . ( this only happened when using the flash . i must admit the camera takes great pictures in broad daylight without the flash . ) plus , if you used the zoom at all , the pictures came out fuzzy . the first digital camera i ever owned ( 7 years ago ) took better pictures ! the store i bought the camera from would n't take it back because i waited two days past the 14-day return policy . so , i sold the camera and took a $100 loss . i 'd much rather lose $[...] than keep this camera 
camera pos 676.txt purchased as a gift and well received . seems to handle larger chips in a timely manner . runs everyday , all day and no problems encountered . displays vacation pictures clearly . like that it is big enough to view across the room . frame is more compatible with decore than the 7 " model previously purchased 
camera pos 392.txt i am a busy mom of two young children . this camera is perfect for capturing all of their cute faces and happy moments . i love the fast cycle time . i love that i can take multiple pictures in seconds . would recommend to anyone 
camera pos 781.txt the lenes work on the factory lens only with no feature to add additional lens . it works as advertized , i would have like to add the wide / tell lens to the filter for better out door videoing 
camera pos 986.txt i was looking specifically for the magic combination of an all-around video and still camera that was compact and built very solid that i can travel with easily . i have had this camera since dec 19th , 2006. i had very bad luck with my previous camera , a canon elura that used minidvs . when it worked , the videos were great , but the cassette mechanism kept falling out of adjustment and failing on trips or gatherings , and i lost many unrecoverable moments ! i had an extended warranty and sent it back 3 times , but they were never able to fix it properly . perhaps this was an unusual lemon , but i did not want to take the chance again ! of the many media types , i 've been told the sd cards are the most durable and almost indestructable . i liked the idea of no moving parts for recording videos . in addition , i was tired of having a separate digital and video camera , and the technology has finally arrived to combine the two . for the non-professional camera person looking to catch candid home and travel shots and videos , i 've found this is to be a great little camera . it is amazingly small , and really will fit in a coat pocket . extremely solid , it is also a snap to use , yet still provides powerful manual override abilities . the camera turns on within a few seconds . the video colors are extremely natural and not oversaturated in any way , and the resolution very fine . the microphone works well , and of course there is no " tape hiss " since there is no tape . the still photos are of fair quality . i printed some at 8 x 10 and they looked decent : however , if very-high quality photos are what you are after this is not the camera for you . again , this is definitely for the snap-and-shoot-for-memories crowd , not for people who want to win photography awards . the miniscule pop-up flash is amazingly powerful . i also looked at the sanyo which has a competing sd model with a higher still photo resolution ability , but it does not have any motion compensation ability . given how small these cameras are , it is not possible to hand-hold without jiggling it a lot , so i ruled the sanyo out . okay , now the negatives . there are quite a few , but for what it does i still found this to be the best camera for my purposes : ( 1 ) the camera does not record well in low-light conditions , i 'm sure due to the light required for 3ccd color processing and the small size of the lens ( cost of being compact ! ) . filming indoors requires pretty good light to ensure decent videos . my christmas tree light pictures were disappointing , and my backlit scenes came out looking like shadow-puppet plays . ( 2 ) the cost of buying additional 4gb cards is high , and i am worried about misplacing them because they are so small . ( 3 ) i experienced wide swings in over - and under-exposed still photos using the flash , although i was ( usually ) able to balance the brightness and contrast with my photo editor . i 'm sure this is partly due to not being used to the camera yet , but the whole idea is not to have to worry about such things . flash fill-in on backlit subjects works amazingly well . ( 4 ) the lcd display on the camera is not synchronized to the same level of brightness and contrast as your tv set or your pc , which you will have to adjust upwards during playback . thankfully , my sony tv allows custom adjustments for each input source . ditto when you are creating dvd's ...you will need to increase the brightness and contrast to match what you see when playing back a scene through the camera 's own lcd viewer . ( 5 ) there is no still photo zoom playback on the camera ( at least i have not found it yet ) . frequently , i think a snapped photo comes out okay , only to realize when " zooming " the image on the pc to review the details that it is slightly blurry and i need to retake it . ( 6 ) you will need to use the included software to view the mpeg2 videos , as mpeg2 is not an included driver in the editing tools i 've reviewed . ( 7 ) there was no still photo editing software included , only video software . i supposed panasonic assumes everyone has their own photo editing software already , but i didn't . my canon photo editing software works for these photos , so i am using that . ( 8 ) finally , the battery fits inside an enclosed compartment , so you are not able to buy an extended battery pack . since there is no energy required for running a hard drive , dvd burner or tape , admittedly the batteries seem to last longer before recharging , but i still ca n't see taking a trip with less than 2-3 packs . i guess i will be spending extra on more batteries ! even with these drawbacks , there is no doubt that this is an amazing sleek winner with really no competitor in its class that i intend to use heavily at home and on my travels 
camera pos 405.txt this thing is great i just got it for a trip to seattle from hawaii . ( i know opposite ) but i was afraid when i had this default battery that came with my canon zr 500. ( which only last 45 min . ) but this one last at least 3 hours i love it . best buy for my camera so far , completely worth the $$$$ 
music neg 70.txt i was never much of a chili peppers fan over the years , but i thought i 'd give them a chance and listen to this disc.and just as i always thought , it 's crap . very few bands have been able to pull off the repulsive people / repulsive music combo as thoroughly as these guys have . i feel like i need a bath after just looking at their picture . as far as the " music " is concerned , the singing is awful ( deadpan monotone voice ) , the instrumentation is very limited , and the overall production is 2nd rate . the only plus , if any , is that the band manages to show some progression on the newer material , which is still not very good . the fact that this band has been successful over the years just proves that a lot of people have really bad taste . 
camera pos 916.txt the part is definitely up to nikon 's awesome standards . i bought it for future use , as i do n't currently have the lens yet , but when the price becomes affordable i will purchase it too 
camera pos 354.txt i went from taking the camera out of its packing to taking professional quality pictures in twenty minutes . it 's amazing 
music neg 302.txt a terrible , terrible waste of money . all this cd serves in doing is to illustrate what a knuckle-head paul godfrey is . face it : no one gives a sh@t about morcheeba anymore , we 're not interested in who ' inspired ' them , ( poor annette peacock - has anyone told her ? ) . the next time we see paul godfrey he 'll probably be asking that age-old question : & quot ; paper or plastic ? & quot 
camera pos 32.txt this lens works really fast . it is a great lens . captures the color in real depth and detail with my canon 20d camera 
camera pos 299.txt i recently moved into the prosumer level of digital . the canon d30 has proven to be an awesome camera . there maybe better ( d60 ) , but if you are serious about digital , the d30 has to be one of the best cameras for the price . there is a slight lag between shots , but if you are not photographing speeding bullets and express trains , the time between shots is hardly a distraction 
music pos 299.txt hey ! ....it 's johnny cash ! you ca n't go wrong purchasing anything by johnny cash . 
camera neg 546.txt the battery does not hold up . after 10 months it would not work at all . i thought it was the battery . emailed support and was told the battery is not replaceable . i found one and changed it out myself . the unit was just dead . warranty is 60 days . will not buy another one 
music pos 694.txt julieta venegas did it again . she scored an album that is not alternative in style , however it is very catchy pop music . her melodies are perfect for a morning drive with the radio on . you can sing along and express day to day feelings . julieta continues to use instruments i like such as the harmonica . and of course , julietas nice character and her lovely behavior shine through in her public appearances . my personal favorite is " me voy " , a very positive song about a not so positive event , breaking-up . keep up the good work , julieta . your songs are appreciated . 
software neg 22.txt this software did n't quite do what i expected . i was somewhat disappointed when i discovered that it would n't convert itunes m4p music files to mp3 files to run on a real player . 
music pos 16.txt this album sparked the so-called " neo-soul " movement years before it was adopted by other artists . back in early 1986 everything was about synthesizer overkill and prince broke the music back down to its roots . this concept was later used by tone tony toni , brand new heavies , and d'angelo . 
music pos 109.txt review no.77.a superbly / nicely done reissue of the zombie 's second ' actual ' album ( is n't it ? ) .total of 27 tracks , so since the first twelve ( 12 ) cuts were the original lp , i guess that means you get seventeen bonus tracks , wow ! that 's a lot , for a one-disc release.a fine cd to repeatedly play , plus keep in your ' current rotation ' stack for a long time to come.it 's probably just me , but these tunes should be in a different playing order.that 's why i 'll sometimes pre-program this cd before i listen to it.loads of fabulous / memorable tunes to enlighten your evening with here , like " care of cell 44 " ( three versions , but welcome ) , " time of the season " ( stereo and mono versions ) , the beautifully-done melodic " a rose for emily " ( 2 versions ) , " i want her , she wants me " , " maybe after he 's gone " and a cut that i 've certainly never heard before , but was quite impressed with it , " butchers tale " .obviously , the zombies must 've had hours of unreleased material that most of the world did n't take great notice of , until now.simply , a must-have.timeless top rate british invasion rock&roll that 'll never truly die 
camera pos 617.txt this is a very good camcorder with the main problem i noted being the dvd format giving only 30 minutes or so of recording in hd mode per disk . it is also a problem that only blue-ray dvd players can play back the dvd in hd mode . even worse that it might destroy the disk if you use it on another player . nevertheless , the price was good and i think blue-ray will be more affordable in the near future . meanwhile , i can playback my video directly or send it to the computer . i am glad i bought it . if a minidv tape version were available at the same price now i think it might be better to stick with the tape version for now though . i was sent a bad power supply with the camcorder but sony sent a new one right away . be careful to buy the correct battery and external charger accessories for the camera as it is a bit confusing as to which will work for it . overall - i am very happy with the camcorder 
music neg 97.txt maybe her harp playing could be acceptable , but when she sings.. . everything turns awful . the worst singer i ever heard 
music pos 21.txt poison the well are one of those bands that i was really big on right when i first started listening to them , but which faded a lot pretty quickly . i ca n't really say why . i like their work , but it does n't inspire me the way it used to . still , i do like them , and this album particularly . maybe not as much as opposite of december , but whatever . yes , this is n't as ' hardcore ' as their older stuff , but i 've never been hardcore kiddie . ( i 'm a metalhead ) and frankly , being a modern hardcore band ai n't much of a compliment in my book . it 's funny , lotsa tech-metalcore and other ' core derived bands are good , but most straight hardcore / metalcore is staggeringly boring . so , while old ptw was semi-technical metalcore , this album is pretty much just extremely loud emo . but , they now how to be ' emotional ' and not come across as sissies , ( well , most of the time ) and jeff does n't sing in an unbearably affected manner . course , the ' extremely loud ' part helps a lot too , and jeff 's growls / screams are absolutely devastating . way better than on their previous albums , and some of the best extreme vox from anyone , ever . as an extremely heavy emo album , the instrumentation here is pretty bland . there is n't much real riffing going on , not in the metal sense anyway , mostly just a single note / chord repeated a great many times , than another one etc. but , the vox and atmospherics carry the day . the standout track is ' crystal lake ' , an absolutely bestial piece of deathcore . i 've listened to quite a bit of death metal in my day , but this has got to be one of the most devastating tracks i 've ever heard , largely because of the absolutely impassioned vox . lotsa extreme vox lack emotion , but never moeria 's ( probably spelling that wrong , sorry ) that , and the instruments are more noteworthy , very nasty and chaotic . also , it earns points for taking some of the seriousness out the genre with its jokey lyrics . ( for the culturally backward , this song is a first-person narrative from jason voorhees , killer of most of the ' friday the 13th ' films . hence the name ' crystal lake' . ) there are no truly weak tracks here . ' ghostchant ' is a good opener , nicely displaying the extreme tonal dichotomy of the album , mixing the fierce screams with some nice melodic vox . ' loved ones ' is one of the very best tracks , again carried almost entirely by the powerful vox . tracks 5 is a cool two part thing mixing the rather pleasant , harmonica and bass driven intro with one of the more hectic , grinding main songs . the album takes a turn for the lighter at about track 8. ' apathy is a cold body ' is a very emo-y track , but it 's got a lot of nice melody to it , so it works . ' sound like the end of the world ' is another strange one . it 's a slow doomy piece with oppressive atmosphere and a thick layering of vocal lines . not the best thing here , but it works and it earns some points for being different . yes , a solid , if not great album . check it out 
camera pos 337.txt this small and cheep hood can save you realy a lot of money . it 's doeing it job wonderful keeps you pictures brigth and clear , but also the hood protect you lens from a lot of things which trying to hit you lens 
camera neg 951.txt i got this lens in a kit with a nikon d80 camera . this lens failed to deliver the goods 99% of the time . why buy an expensive camera and then use a cheap lens like this ? its silly to spend big money on the camera and have only blurry pictures to show from it . it was only tolerable in very bright situations and using less than 100mm focal length . a cloudly day or all of the 200 mm zoom would result in a picture that had significant distortion noticeable even on little 4x6 prints . very few pictures came out when it was used in the fullest zoom ( 200mm ) . i disliked this lens enough to return the entire camera kit and purchase a different camera ( d200 ) that came with the highly ranked 18-200 vr lens from nikon . if your interested in nice sharp pics , then pass on this lens . if you want to save a few bucks and like blurry photos , this lens is for you. . 
camera neg 711.txt the battery is good after a full charge . it lacks in holding the promised charge . i find after 2 weeks it is questionable , depending on how many pictures were taken before the camera sat waiting to be used again . i got over 100 pictures when used in 3 days , which is more that my aa nimh 2100mah . which i bought from walmart {so probably not a super battery} the wallmart batteries actually hold the charge longer {very sad}.the charge time is not to long when charger from half charge . over all , i hope the next ones i buy will be better than these . my solution is to carry a non rechargeable battery in my case for when the delkin dies . i also try to give it a full charge before leaving the house , as there is no memory effect . i also recomend checking to see if there is a firmware upgrade for your camera . every camera shuts off when the battery is at a different power level . my nikon coolpix 3100 , seems to shut down sooner than later . all reviews should mention what camera they are using for this reason . have been using 3 months now . 
music neg 198.txt boo-wop ? haha ok , anyways i bought his through middle-piller distro . and it 's got a couple of o.k. songs on it . the problem is the singing and the overall production . this is definetely a home-recording on computer deal . the vocals are waaaaay weak . what exactly is a " re-worked " debut album ? ? ? i thought once an album was out it was done , set in stone ? apparently not , so mister monster gets to pull a blitzkid ( who changed their first album cover years after it came out ! ) and take the cheezy way out . a definete step up from bands like blitzkid , but still in the cellar of rock n roll . do yourself a favor and buy some good old deathrock from the golden years 
camera neg 9.txt i paid extra for air next day service . item was advertised as available and ready to ship immediately . item eventually arrived two weeks later . i had left for a trip . item was eventually sent back to merchant . merchant did n't credit me for item returned . i had to email merchant and wait for another 2 weeks before item was credited . i wo n't buy from willoughby 's again 
music pos 869.txt this is an amazing cd - i cannot believe that more people have not discovered charlie sexton . the songs are personal and beautifully written . the music rocks , and yet it 's different than any of sexton 's other music . he is a brilliant artist and this is a brilliant wor 
camera neg 109.txt for nearly $100 , this adaptor provides very little ( 1.5x ) magnification . it is also a nuisance because you have to switch the camera settings every time you use the lens for it to function properly . this is no big deal with the wide angle adaptor , which is used infrequently by me , but it is when you want to capture a fleeting image at a distance . it is lightweight , but cumbersome and does n't accept filters . for real telephoto capabilities , get an slr with interchangeable lenses . i sent this product back . 
camera neg 94.txt i purchased a 510 powershot in summer of 2005. after couple time of use the zoom on the cameras lens would n't work anymore . i cound't take any picture anymore . i contacted canon over this and they ask me to pay shiping to send the camera to them to fix . 
music neg 854.txt no one questions lyrics born 's talent , which can be matched by few . his breakneck delivery will make you swear they sped him up in the studio , except then if you go see him do it live ( recommended : he is a charismatic performer ) you realize they didn't . the problem with this release is not , therefore , lyrics born himself . it 's just that there 's not enough interesting things happening around him . there are handful of standout songs on this record , but there is no excuse for it running as many tracks as it does . the skits remind me why i sometimes think the whole idea of skits on cds tired itself out in about 1997 , if not earlier . worse , the fillers sound similar to the hits but less memorable , making the whole album kind of drag , and the grooves , guitar licks and keys , all of which are good in small doses , become sort of flat after a time , especially when joyo velarde is n't singing backup vox . surely a few of the songs could have become b-sides on the single , or something , instead of bloating the album itself . do that there , rise and shine , and one session are my favorite tracks , the ones i would say go buy from the itunes store or something right now . there 's nothing wrong with the rest , i just do n't find myself listening to them much . i like the concept of later that day but it should probably take less time out of the day to listen to 
camera neg 607.txt i bougt this camera and a olymus camera , both in the same price range , the kodak camera was by far deficeint in quality of image and workmanship . avoid this at all cost the olympus was well made , durable , higher quality picture and ease of use 
camera neg 735.txt i purchased this camera case for my granddaughter for christmas to go with the camera her parents had bought for her . this is the first time i have ever been disappointed with a product i purchased from amazon . it was , in my opinion , not worth the price i paid ! the picture looked much larger that it actually was . i wil continue to purchase through amazon but i will be much more careful and definitely return it if i 'm not satisfied . in this case i did not have time to find another camera case . thanks for giving me the opportunity of expressing my opinion . linda sutto 
music pos 526.txt the title track is one of the best country songs ever performed proving the talents of hank as a true caftsman when it comes to song writing . fitting that category as well are outlaw women , and women i 've never had . hank also lends his southern rockin ' style to white lightnin ' written by j.p. richardson a.k.a. the big bopper . what bocephus album would be complete without at least one tribute to his father ? hank serves up a whopper here along with waylon jennings in a classic called the conversation . in a time , much like today , when country was straying from it 's roots hank finds a way to keep the southern bluesy traditions alive on all ten cuts of this must have country album 
music pos 235.txt " the dreaming was one of those albums that i found in my parents cd collection when i was young and i have n't outgrown it yet . my parents seemed to hate it and never bought a kate bush cd after it ( though i recently bought her whole collection except " the whole story " as it 's just a greatest hits ! ) . this album took me a very long time to get into however . i listened to it several times as a child and then put it away because i thought it was too strange . i took it out then several years later and loved it . i would now say it could be my all time favourite cd and is better than " hounds of love " as i see it . the songs all stand on their own and bush 's voice is brilliant and her quirky themes shine through . this is the only album that i will never skip a track because i 'm always in the mood for them all . 1. " sat in your lap " - a great opening track . bush deals with whether she can be bothered to do something or not . the instruments are great as always . 2. " there goes a tenner " - a notable song for the quirky british accent bush puts on . the instruments are very good and remind me of the ' 80 's ( as it was made then ! ) . that was a good decade for music ! 3. " pull out the pin " - the piano arrangement is excellent in this song and the chorus is so good . the lyrics are about someone who is in war and thinking about pulling out the pin of a grenade . the song was inspired by a documentary . 4. " suspended in gaffa " - i do n't actually know what gaffa is but this song is still so great and catchy . the lyrics are quirky and the instrumentation is excellent . 5. " leave it open " - an excellent song that reminds me more of " hounds of love " . the instrumentation is excellent as always . 6. " the dreaming " - another brilliant song which is so funny because of bush 's australian accent . the production is good and so is the songwriting . 7. " night of the swallow " - the use of irish traditional music is a nice effect to this song . the singing by bush is superb and the song is flawless ! 8. " all the love " - the song has a sadder feel to it but is excellent . the lyrics are unusual and very well done . the instruments complement bush 's superb voice and never overtake ! 9. " houdini " - the album cover is to do with this song . the song is excellent with a really quirky chorus and good instrumentation . 10. " get out of my house " - a perfect way to end an amazing album . the lyrics are so good and it is so funny at the end when she turns into a mule ( within the song obviously ) . it is something only kate bush could have written ! overall i think it is an amazing album though i can see why people do n't like it . it could be a little too experimental for some though for me it is perfect . kate bush shows she was the original alternative female and the best ( yes , she 's better than tori amos ) . she is one of the few geniuses of music and an all time amazing artist . reccomended to everyone into alternative , especially tori amos fans ! mark - 10 / 1 
camera pos 680.txt easy to get up and going . we run a floral business and it allows us to take great pics for the website ! worth every penny 
camera pos 675.txt this is my third digital camera and by far my favorite . i purchased after having a very versatile but large ( well large in the dimensions of digital cameras ) digital camera . i needed and wanted a camera that i could easily carry w / me at all times . this is perfect . the fugi z1 fits easily into your pocket or a small case for easy access . just do n't put anything else in that pocket ! the one time i forget and did this i noticed a large scratch on the silver portion of the camera . as with all digital cameras this one takes much better pictures in good lighting . i have found , however , that this tiny camera has an excellent flash so i am still able to get good interior shots if i am willing to blind people ( or my cats ) for a few seconds . the camera comes w / a docking station that i have found very useless for uploading pictures but you have to use it to charge the camera . i tend to just use a usb cable direct to the computer or a really cheap usb card reader that i can attach directly to my computers usb port . i took this camera to japan and it was great . i only had one day where i ran out of battery power but that was my own fault . this is a highly recommended camera by me 
camera neg 112.txt the documentation is terrible . its going to take a lot of practice . if you 're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine . however i want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x sb600s . just setting the d200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the sb800 / masster & sb600s it 's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail , in the manual . the sb800 is designed for this purpose . so why not include information on how to do this ? 
camera pos 8.txt the controls are a little complicated to get used to , especially the all-manual settings - - which should by definition be easy to use - - but overall this camera is very rugged and very capable . after i bought it , i took the d10 to budapest , hungary . i had a great view of the danube and set my camera up for night shots . it did a brilliant job . how about this : take a digital night shot ( use the largest image size possible ) , use a 300mm lense and blow the results up to 24x30 through shutterfly.com . image remained amazingly sharp . colors were fantastic . the camera made it easy to look like a pro . the only gripe i have with this camera is that i wish it had a black and white setting like other less expensive canon digitals , but this can be overcome with software so it 's not a huge issue . the price is great , it has a magnesium body ( vs. the rebel 's plastic body ) . you get a lot of the d1 / d20 / d30 , without the cost 
music pos 361.txt sam moore 's new cd is a welcome return to the roots of soul . this cd has got it ! sam 's voice is superb and the duets he does with his guests are wonderful . i 'm not a fan of country music so i was a bit fearful of what wynona and travis tritt would do with sam . wow ! are they ever good ! wynona 's got it . i 'm going to listen to more of her now . the musicians are the best ! i thought i could hear that wonderful touch of earth wind and fire on some of the numbers so i went searching the notes . sure enough- -there is reggie young- -the wonderful earth wind and fire trombonist ! go reggie ! billy preston is wonderful on " you are so beautiful " as is the accompanying guitar by eric clapton . this is a musician 's cd- -quality all the way . i have had the great pleasure of seeing sam moore and billy preston in person ( with bowzer 's doo wop party- -thank god for bowzer , bringing back all these wonderful artists ) and they were wonderful . i 'd love to see even more of sam moore . thanks to randy jackson for putting this together . this is a class-act . 
music neg 709.txt i am a huge fan of elvis costello and ran to the shop as soon as i read the great reviews of this album , what a mistake ! ! ! very few of the arrangements offer an improvement over the original version . the cardboard cut salsa montuno of ' clubland ' sounds as classy and natural as a plastic flamingo and the wonderful ska sound of ' watching the detectives ' is lost in a jazz arrangement that does n't offer much to the melody . elvis ' voice is not suited the long sustained notes of ' almost blue ' and most of the songs . it worked well on his ' juliet letters ' album because the brodsky quartet played for his style but with the clean and crisp sound of the metropole orkest it is just painful . for me , ' hora decubitus ' is the only song worth listening from this musical jumble 
music neg 17.txt how can he be such an enormous talent when all he does is copy off of other people ? sorry i just cant see it . i dont think he does justice to nolan porter 's " if i could only be sure " on the first track at all : if you want to hear some great music listen to the original ! ! ! 
camera pos 345.txt case is pretty much what you see...i have no complaints . = ) the case protects my camera very well 
music neg 543.txt actually garth hudson , the former organist of the band does not play on this cd ( nor ' every geriatric rockstar's ' ) . the musician you might be referring to is al garth ex of loggins / messina 
camera pos 246.txt not knowing fully what i was getting into , on a whim i purchased this monopod hoping that is was a half-way decent product , i mean-it was so cheap . i was pleasantly surprised to find how sturdy the unit was and that what i had was a very high quality monopod . this was my second monopod and so i had another to compare it with ( the other was bought on an auction website ) . in comparison the opteka was a far better monopod in height and robust thickness and i use it exclusively on my minidv shoots 
music pos 705.txt i ca n't say enough how great this album is . grant green was one of the most soulful jazz guitarists who ever graced the planet . his soloing on this cd is filled with beautiful melodicism matched with a bluesy grit that is such a pleasure to listen to . and for me as a guitarist it has been an encyclopedia of how to play blues from a jazz perspective . my favorites are & quot ; miss ann 's tempo&quot ; and & quot ; blues for willarene&quot ; . it is such a shame that he died so young and never collected his just due 
camera pos 556.txt the case is protective and stylish without hindering the camera 's ability to store and transport easily . it 's definately worth the dough to keep your nikon s1 or s2 from scratching or even breaking from a minor fall 
camera pos 623.txt you ca n't beat the hd picture quality from the hv20 based on actual user reviews and comparisons with all of the latest models . while this is a single cmos sensor , it is a true 1920 x 1080 hd sensor of the same quality found in the award winning canon digital slr cameras . do n't be fooled by a 3ccd camcorder that uses smaller sensor sizes and must use " pixel shifting " . i had already hooked up the hv20 to my 720p projector , and it did look great even at my typical 120 " . but i do know that my projector probably is n't calibrated very well to be honest . so , my first wow moment came when i decided to capture some of my best outdoor footage from my canon elura stock and compare it to some hv20 footage shot of my kids over the weekend at an easter egg hunt . wow , the difference in quality was even more pronounced than i realized . i guess that the resolution difference is what it is , but this is definitely serious hd quality . the real defining wow moment that has me " selling " all of my family and friends on this camcorder came last night when i hooked it up at my brother-in-law 's house to his sony wega crt hdtv display that does 1080i and is calibrated to perfection . you wo n't find a higher quality hd display than his set imo , and my jaw dropped when my video first came up on his display that was the first time when i was truly able to see what my source footage was capable of in terms of its full resolution and amazing colors . we switched to discovery hd on his set , and other than obvious production value aspects you honestly could n't really say that it looked any more hd than the footage of my kids playing . this is way more exciting to me than when i first saw broadcast hd and watched monday night football because it is hard to describe how cool it is to see your kids on video in beautiful hd for a $1 , 000 price point . i can hardly wait to get out there and shoot some more footage . 
camera pos 202.txt i am thrilled with this lens 's capabilities and the pictures it does . i test shot a corner of a window to determine if it would be good for my insect shots that i like so well . well , it did great as it came but i found that i wanted to have the 1 / 1 capability so i bought the add-on converter and am thrilled to have added both of these necessary items for my set-up . i like nature photography the best and like to use my off summer days for hiking and finding photographs to take in perhaps well-known places but finding unique angles and subjects is what i like to specialize in . this lens will greatly enhance your experience in that ' little world ' we commonly trod over or weed-ate away . i built a diffuser using a ping-pong ball over the flash so the lighting would work better . ( works great , btw ) . as usual , it 's great canon glass that does the trick 
music neg 132.txt i ca n't beleive this guy 's arrogance to try and re-record songs that are essentially and always will be sinatra 's domain . any idiot will tell you that once sinatra got hold of a song it was and always will be identified with him . fact . ask tony bennett or any other great singers and they will tell you . sinatra is the voice and then this upstart thinks he can do better . not only does he murder ' a very good year ' but also attempts ( badly ) ' mr . bojangles ' even attempting to ape sammy davis 's mannerisms . i had the misfortune to hear this once and came to the conclusion that is was a ) a joke or b ) a blantant attempt by williams to crossover to boarder appeal . now i see it actually meant it . robbie you will never be able to sing standards and please do n't attempt the rodgers and hart songbook ( though i suspect you will if your latest album bombs ) your voice is flat most of the time and your attempts to look cool on the cover ca n't cover up your mediocrity . the only time i 'd like to see you swing is from a lamppost . stick with ' songs for swinging lovers''come fly with me ' to hear the real thing . an insult to classic songs 
camera neg 64.txt after reading the many good reviews here , i too bought the lenmar battery to act as a second battery for my canon digital camera . i was totally pleased with the excellent performance as many others have noted . the only difference i noticed between the lenmar and oem battery was that with lengthy continuous shooting with the lcd screen on the camera case got significantly hotter with the lenmar battery that with the oem . this was not a problem until i was shooting on a 101 degree day ( with the lenmar battery in ) and suddenly the screen went black . i could view previously taken pictures ( lcd ok ) but any new photo i tried to take was black . i read later in the manual the upper operating temperature of the camera is 104 degrees . once the camera cooled it worked again for a while , but the black photo problem continued intermittenly for a few weeks then the camera completely stopped taking photos , no matter what . so , was it the lenmar battery 's extra heat generation pushing the camera over its temperature limit and damaging the circuitry ? would it have happened if the cooler running oem battery was installed on the hot day ? i ca n't say for sure , but if you use a lenmar battery i would be careful about operating it on a very hot 100 degree day ( e.g. use the viewfinder , not the lcd since that generates heat , or turn the camera off a lot to cool down between shots ) . 
camera neg 149.txt someone earlier had complained that this lense was suggested to them by amazon and it was the wrong size . well , that person is n't alone . the camera i purchased is a canon s2is , which i love . the lense does n't fit it . i even bought the hood / lense adapter set and it still does n't fit . this simply is not the right lense for a canon s2is , no matter what amazon suggests . now , too much time has passed for me to return the lense . i 'm stuck with it , and i do n't like that 
music pos 910.txt a ridiculously good album . this is as good an introduction to jawbox as you 're going to find . it 's got most of their really great songs , plus some live songs which are great . another good thing is that desoto records ( the label that was started by the band ) has re-released the cd , so it should n't be as hard to find 
camera pos 917.txt i bought this camera for my 80 year old mother because i knew that if she was going to try digital photography , it had to be easy ! the printer dock is simple for her to use to transfer snapshots of her cat to her computer and email them to her friends . i have used the older cx-7300 , ( very similar camera ) for backpacking for years and it has never failed under harsh conditions . the lack of optical zoom is a plus for me ; less to break . the c530 is more compact , has better resolution , and still has the option of using aa batteries when the rechargables die . if you want simple digital snapshots , you will love this little camera 
music pos 62.txt i 'm a huge matchbox fan and i listen to a collection of all 3 albums all day long . i never get tired of it ! rob thomas has such a powerful voice that it just beckons to me . his lyrics are soul searching and speak directly to me . what a great band ! what a great album ! what a great musical ride ! 
music pos 582.txt very good piece of music history . i still like the lp 's sound a bit better then cd 's due to some of the characteristic noise flaws but unfortunately lp 's do not play in the car . 
music pos 764.txt sing of mary is a work of art ! the beauty of the music is only surpassed by the woman it praises...mary ! god bless this cd. . 
music neg 513.txt as much as i like most of the songs on this cd...it 's just too short . also the production is lousy . the recording quality sounds awful in places . hopefully , the updated compilations are better . this one is not worth the money ! ! ! 
camera pos 413.txt i got this camera about 2 years ago because my sd 200 broke . it is soooo easy to use and takes great pictures . its also very sleek and small 
camera neg 691.txt i purchased this camera for my 13-yr old daughter as her first digital camera . it was a christmas present so i am highly dissapointed that 3 months after purchase , the flash stopped working . the picture quality was good but it hardly makes up for the fact that she can no longer take photo 's indoors or in low light . i would not recommend this camera . 
camera neg 732.txt in theory , this camera is perfect . fits into your pocket . video quality is definately good considering it records in the compressed format of mpeg-4. pictures are good if you know how to finesse it . perfect all around anytime camrea , right ? here 's the thing . i got the camera mainly for video . i just had a daughter and wanted something for those candid moments that i could always have on me . also , i did not want minidv because uploading to the computer is real time . i wanted the sd card as film , even if it would sacrfice some video quality . but the thing that ruins this camera for me is the mic picks up the lens motor / auotfocus nosie . on the playback i cearly hear the zooming in and zooming out and every time the lens focuses . it sounds like someone smoking a hooka . and get this , it even says so in the instruction manual , page 35 , " caution during video clip playback , the sound of a motor is audible....during recording , the sound of the optical zoom movement or autofocus movement was recorded . this is not a malfunction . " awful . by the way , the take a picture while recording video function is worthless . it leaves a pause on your video image while the sound keeps recording , and the still image captured is usually blury . whats the point anyway , i think the camera has a built in function to extract a still from the video . or you can do it with whatever editing software you use . oh , and one last thing . i have to keep the still camera in sports mode to get a clean pic . my hand shakes too much . there is a digital stabalization for the video , but no optical stabilization for the stills . its a big shame , too . the camera is very cool . if not for the audible motor noise , i would have given this at least an 8 / 10. but the lens motor noise is unacceptable ! ps . all cameras today should have a built in lens cover . this is one has a cheap plastic one , that you 'll probably lose 
camera neg 150.txt i was going to buy this camera for my teenage daughter today , but after reading the reviews i decided that it is not a god risk if the customer service is that bad and the screen seems to break without any kind of impact . i 'm sure it takes nice pictures , but a lot of cameras take nice pictures . i have to go where the service will at least respect you . 
music neg 218.txt i love his voice , but the arrangements are way too complex and stilted . there are about 12 key changes in every song . the melodies are buried so far beneath his reinterpretations that one can barely recognize the songs . i feel these affectations detract from the songs . while his vocal gymnastics are very impressive , the result just is n't enjoyable to listen to ( unless you are a voice student or professional singer ) 
camera pos 439.txt i bought this camera more than half a year ago . my intention was to get a decent camera for images , but then also be able to use it for filming short movies . i 'm very pleased with its performance . in good lighting conditions , colors come out to be amazing . i really really did not expect them to be so vivid and sparkling ! in darker conditions , well , it still works fine , not nearly as bad as i expected from some other reviews . photos might be grainy or not as vivid anymore , but the stuff is still perfectly suitable to show the photos to people . as about filming , it 's terrific . i mean , resolution is great ( sth like 848 by 640 or so ) , better than what one could possibly expect from a regular camera . and the quality is super awesome , looks very neat on computer screen . respect . it has to be pointed out that you cannot zoom while filming , but not many cameras out there can do that . oh , it 's also very small with a gigantic screen and great battery life . a great buy 
camera pos 727.txt i got a pair of these for christmas . initially , i was skeptical about the quality of an inexpensive roof-prism optic , and this is n't my favorite brand name either . but contrary to my expectations , i 've been extremely impressed with them so far . good brightness , contrast , sharpness , field of view , and close focus all exceeded my expectations for a binocular at this price point . feel , fit and finish are all very good . i wear eyeglasses , and these binoculars still deliver a nice wide view through the eyepiece . the twist-down eyecups are quick to extend / retract if you are sharing these with someone who does n't wear glasses . they come with a decent carry case , and relative to porro-prism types , the weight and compactness are both a little bit better . if you are looking for a good binocular for birding or general use , i highly recommend you take a look through these in addition to the other popular models . i think these really hit the sweet spot for price / size / weight / performance , and i 'm very happy with them 
music neg 985.txt ok - let me preface my comments by justifying the 2-star rating...it 's rodney dangerfield - he was a class act . as for the cd : if you 're looking for a few songs by a comedian accompanied by someone 's cheesy clavinova , then this cd is for you . i bought this because of the last track , " rappin ' rodney " , and boy was i disappointed . it sounds like it was recorded from an old worn out cassette . do yourself a favor - get all of rodney 's dvd 's with his standup material and remember him for what he was - a comedy legend 
music pos 537.txt this is a cd that everyone should have ! there are four great voices and they do country music the way it should be ! lorrie morgan is the best and i like everything on this ! ! buy it and enjoy ! chery 
music pos 609.txt and finding stories of stacks of old vinyls , dripping yesterday and glowing always . cali 's finest , madlib , is definitely one of the heirs of dj premiere , pete rock , dj quik and other previous beat konductas that helped established the sound of true hip-hop as a platform where old school soul and new school technique are amalgamated . the latest madlib invasion is not for everybody ; those of us who 's butts were undeniably moved by tribe 's " low end theory " will definitely appreciate this endeavor . those of you who are tired of what mtv and other corporate entities and pass off as hip hop , clean out your crazy uncle otis 's attic check out the beat konducta . then walk down the street to mr. yancey 's house , go into his basement and check out j dilla 's " donuts . 
camera pos 760.txt this is a cool implimentation of a much needed device for those with d200s . the camera loves batteries . having two is good ! having the ability to watch one drain and knowing there 's another on standbye is a fine feeling . knowing that there are two more batteries in the case waiting is even better ! for a full day of shooting , you need this and some serious memory . highly recommended . also handles aas.. . always good in field conditions 
music neg 727.txt we read all the previous reviews and thought this disc would be a keeper . we ( my husband , three kids 14 , 10 , and 5 ) tried it on a warm , spring evening in the car . one or two songs , like the banana splits , speed racer , and scooby-doo were fun . most however , were harsh , and too fast for the parents and youngest guy . i would rather try these songs in their original state and skip the covers 
camera neg 301.txt i purchased this camera after reading reviews and tech specs about the camera . it 's either not enough , or it 's too much ... i 'm not sure which . i returned it and purchased a 10 megapixel powershot a640 which has a swiveling view finder ( which is great ! ) and will suit my needs just fine for about $200 less . 
camera neg 155.txt yes , i have to agree with the previous review . it does n't seem to make any difference in reducing lens flare from light sources . it does n't seem to extend far enough to actually do anything . if it was less expensive i would n't mind as much , and just chalk it up to extra protection . but that seems to be all it 's good for 
music pos 713.txt i purchased this cd after reading one of the reviews . i have another streetwize cd that i love , but i was a litter weary about getting this one ( jazz meets dre and all ) . but i am glad i made the purchase , as i am thoroughly enjoying it 
music neg 839.txt ...and im happy about it ! i think i might cry if'n it shows up again . fareals . if albums where 3 dimensional this wouldn e'en make the c-side ! i love me some roy , but bruh hurt me with this one . i forgive him tho , cause he done gave me much much pleasure up til now.. . ...um , hope that came out right . *pimp struts off stage / pounds chest with gorilla fist / machismo free flowing* m'out yall , peace ! 
music pos 255.txt i , like many others , have been waiting for this album for quite some time . right from the first track , i was hooked . " all my days " is a haunting , melodic , heartbreaking opening to a fantastic album . " breathe " has a subdued yet powerful message . " home " is just plain fun . " song for you " is sweet , somber , and hopeful . however , i must say that the four songs version of " orange sky " is what i consider to be the greatest song ever written . however , the time without consequence version is devastatingly bad ( when held up to the light of the original ) . the new version is too fast , has an inexplicably irritating percussion , and just does n't dig into the soul the way the four songs version does . i will always be baffled by this remake . it is truly awful . its only saving grace is that the original is still available . but that is by no means any reason to avoid this cd . in fact , those who do not know the original " orange sky " may fall in love with this one . but it is my duty to warn those looking for an " orange sky " that matches the original that you will be severely disappointed . outside of this single-song complaint , this cd has vaulted to one of the best i own 
music neg 277.txt with much anticipation we awaited the arrival of clay 's second album , thinking this one would make the career of one of our favorite singers.. . and instead we fear that it is likely to end his career . while clay 's voice still sounds great , the cd is an entire collection of uninspired , underproduced remakes ... not one of which goes beyond the original . as you can see , this cd is nowhere on the billboard charts , and we 're very sad to say in our household , that it 's for good reason . save your money and buy one of the much better idol cds ... and almost any of them are , most recently kelly pickler and carrie underwood . 
music pos 28.txt rap music today is a tragic lack of creativity . its not real hip hop . this album , brings back the good feeling that is real hip hop . honestly , the light is a song that never gets old , thats real . if you do n't have this album , get it . 
camera pos 912.txt this is my first digital picture frame , so i do not have anything to compare it against . i am generally very happy with this product - it is very easy to use , and i am happy with the resolution and the picture quality . the only downside to this frame is that the instruction manual is not helpful at all , and as one other reviewer noted , i had to learn how to do things by trial and error . i also do not like that when you make changes to the layout - rotating or deleting images , it is not " saved " to the memory card and so you need to make the changes each time . however , i like this product enough to buy more of these for the grandparents this next christmas 
music neg 175.txt hmm sounds good , jazzy and chic . this should only be played in lounges . the only tracked i liked was amour . the rest i wanted to close my ears . too much noise 
music pos 415.txt too many people are overwhelmed with the more modern christmas songs out there today and are unaware of the wonderful music available on cds like this . john rutter proves his brilliance in arranging and conducting . the music overwhelms the senses and the joy of christmas overcomes you as you listen . this is one of the most peaceful christmas cds i have ever heard . " wassail song " is incredible , and if you are ever in a small vocal ensemble , this song is a must to perform . you will not be disappointed when you purchase this cd 
music pos 951.txt if you enjoyed explosions in the sky 's last album " the earth is not a cold dead place " , and the songs by the group on the " friday night lights soundtrack " , then surely , you shall find love for their newest record " all of a sudden i miss everyone " . if you are new to explosions in the sky , i can only personally describe their music to you as lush , captivating , graceful , energetic , and highly inspirational art rock instrumentations . please ignore reviewers who rate this album negatively because they do n't like it as much as their last album ( yet ) . " all of a sudden i miss everyone " is different than previous records ; it is alot darker , but at the same time hopeful and promising , best listened to on a rainy day or a cold dark night ( again , personal description ) . what more can i say.. . this is about as beautiful as three guitars and a drum set can sound . my favorite album of 2007 so far . 
music pos 7.txt great anniversary present . fav song.. . i love the way you love me.. . my husband loves to listen to it in the car 
dvd pos 248.txt this movie is asome its one of my favorites from the 90 's and probably my favorite plot twister / who done it along with m night shamylans films . this movies great plot is over looked by the average americans craving desire of sex and scandal which is retarded and makes this country alittle less than great . anyway the shear sex appeal is also one of the tones that makes this movies atomasphere so great the music hits it perfect and the 2 leads are my favorite younger actress ' neve campbell and denise richards who are both perfect for they 're rolls . the whole movie is just oozing with sex appeal that combined with the story makes it irresistable . which is unexpected from john mcnaughton as it was his first big claim to fame film . bill murray adds some much needed comic releif and the plot will keep you guessing till the end and will fool anyone even those retards from csi . the 2 girls have " it " in theyre rolls they just seem to fit together like a sexy peanut butter and jelly sandwhich . i was fist drawn to this film ever since i meet matt dillon at universal studios he was just asome and i had to see him act , and everyone recommended this movie for that and he was asome in it to . infact i wouldnt mind meeting the whole cast all of them are huge idols of mine and theyre all so cool . i do miss neve campbell. . i wish she 'd come back to films and it looks like she will . so if your looking for a once in a lifetime plot and an asome cast this movie has it or if your like the 99.9% of people who have seen this and you only like it for the threesome and the pool scenes then i guess its good for that to since ive only seen the editied verison . ps dont waste ur time with the other sequals theyre stupid and repeats of this one with not so famous casts . take a look at the fist still at the bottom it sums up the whole " it " thing i was taking about you just feel an incredible amount of " cool " form that shoot , well i did anyway 
camera pos 580.txt very clear pictures , very happy with this camera . note that it has only the lcd screen and no viewfinder , but this has n't been a problem for me as it 's pretty easy to use 
music pos 690.txt i am a motown , oldies , r&amp ; b , soul , love songs , music lover.i like the songs that hit the heart and soul and hearing them brings back memories that come alive to the rhythem and bill withers definately fits right in there . i do n't realy have a favorite artist because i like sooooo many of them but if i had to pick my top 10 , this album would be in there 
camera neg 121.txt i bought this monopod about 3 weeks ago after reading the reviews here . i 'm not sure if i got a defective unit but i 've had these problems from the gitgo : -i noticed the 2 lower sections will not open and close smoothly , they would get stuck about 2-3 inches from the lock and you 'd need force to expand / retract them . very interestingly , if the section right above the one i 'm trying to expand / retract is unlocked then the operation is smooth and flawless ! -the ballhead does not support my nikon d80 and lightest lens ( 18-55mm ) a less than 2 lbs combo , which is much lighter than the 4.4 lbs weight limit indicated in the specs . the camera just slumps in one direction or another regardless of how hard i try to make sure the ballhead is locked tightly . again , it might have been a defective unit , but i thought i 'd point my observations out anyway . i wanted to buy this from amazon , it was n't in stock , it was sitting in my shopping cart and when it became available amazon bumped the price to $40+ , so i went elsewhere and got it for $30. 
dvd pos 4.txt at 23 years of age , i can truly say that i have been a lifetime fan of sesame street . watching the 3-dvd set of sesame street - old school , vol . 1 has been both nostalgic and enlightening . because i was born practically a decade after most of the material on this set originally aired , i expected most of the content to be new to me ( i was barely a year old when mr. hooper 's death was explained to the world ) , but that was not the case . many of the short films and interstitials were familiar ( and not just because i used to watch sesame unpaved on noggin ) to me as a viewer from the mid-1980s , and i think that just underscores the quality the show has exhibited from the beginning . sesame street truly revolutionized children 's programming , not just because it was educational , but because it was ( and remains ) entertaining , not pandering . i 'll admit , seeing gordon with an afro , orange oscar and the first few tries at big bird 's head still freak me out a bit ( as they did when i saw them on noggin several years back ) , but the show itself is just as good as i ever remembered , something that cannot be said for most nostalgia entertainment ( like transformers or he-man or jem ) . the set contains five full episodes from the first five seasons , and 54 ( the liner notes are incorrect , they should have asked count for help ) bonus clips . the set also includes the 25 minute pitch-film that was made before the series originally aired , explaining sesame street 's message and motive . although the episodes have a disclaimer that it is not necessarily intended for today 's pre-school children , i believe they would probably enjoy " classic " street even more than the current lineup of shows . the fact that today 's pre-schoolers may be more advanced than the sesame street of yore can really be attributed to sesame street itself , and that 's pretty cool . still , i personally appreciate that the aim of the set is at adults , because so many of us associate our childhood with sesame street . a booklet is included that gives a brief overview of the series from the first five years and i found it informative . according to muppet central , a few sketches were altered or removed for music copyright issues ( one with stevie wonder , one with rogers & hammerstein ) , but because i never saw the originals , i found nothing amiss . what astounded me more than anything was that at the end of the first five years , more than 600 episodes of the show had been produced . no wonder they ca n't release full seasons ! although the full-length episodes are great , my favorite part are the additional sketches from each respective season . seeing kermit sing " bein ' green " in its original form , the " bread , milk and butter " cartoon and the " in in the sky with diamonds " parody is a real treat . the picture quality is great - - especially considering the program 's age ( and the fact that it was one of the first programs to be recorded on video , although film was used for most of the interstitials ) - - i doubt the show ever looked as good as it looks right now . the sound quality is good too - - mono of course - - but clear and crisp . overall , i highly recommend this set for anyone who loves or loved sesame street . for those who were born after these episodes aired ( like me ) , looking back at the beginning is really special . it is clear that everyone involved had a true love for teaching and interacting with children and taking television to another level 
music pos 897.txt anais is one of the best cingers . i have seen her since objetivo fama , and she is just great . do n't listen to people who say this cd is bad because the are just hating . this cd is just great 
camera neg 820.txt huge problems with the lcd screen , two cameras within one month after purchase showed the lcd " shattered . " one has already been shipped for service and the other one will be going in tomorrow . sure it is easy to use and produces great pictures , but the lcd problem is a definite negative . 
dvd pos 700.txt vci entertainment presents the original adventure restored to all it 's theatrical glory " long john silver " ( 1954 ) ( dolby digitally remastered ) ( photographed in eastman color ) , the original " pirates of the caribbean " that started it all...the most colorful pirate of all time , roaring across a boundless sea of spectacle in full widescreen cinemascope...under director byron haskin , producer joe kaufmann , based on the characters of robert louis stevenson , screenplay by martin rackin , music composed by david buttolph...the cast include robert newton ( long john silver ) , kit taylor ( jim hawkins ) , connie gilchrist ( purity pinker ) , lloyd berrell ( capt . mendoza , ' el toro ' ) , grant taylor ( patch ) , rod taylor ( israel hands ( as rodney taylor ) , harvey adams ( sir henry strong ) , muriel steinbeck ( lady strong ) , henry gilbert ( billy bowlegs ) , john brunskill ( old stringley ) , eric reiman ( lanky pirate ) , harry hambleton ( big eric ) , syd chambers ( ned shill ) , george simpson-lyttle ( capt . asa macdougall ( as george simpson-little ) , tony arpino ( mendoza pirate ) . . . . .our story has to do with the continuation of " treasure island " based on the chronicles of robert louis stevenson...who is this rival known as the pirate mendoza to long john silver...what plan does silver have to rescue the governor 's daughter...how can jim hawkins best serve silver once again in obtaining a swift fast ship to return to the treasure that has been in the back of silver 's mind these past years.....there is a great deal of entertainment for the serious " film-buff " ...all courtesy of vci entertainment , who in my humble opinion is the best there is in restoring early serials and features like this one . special features : bios : 1. robert newton birth date : 6 / 01 / 1905 - shaftsbury , dorset , england , uk died : 3 / 25 / 1956 - beverly hills , los angeles , california 2. kit taylor birth date : 1942 - sydney , new south wales , australia died : still living 3. byron haskin ( director ) birth date : 4 / 22 / 1899 - portland , oregon died : 4 / 16 / 1984 - montecito , california if you crave action , drama and plenty of adventure then this is the place for all of the above...if you enjoyed this feature check out another as vci entertainment presents " tennessee partner " ( 1955 ) ( dolby digitally remastered ) , featuring john payne , ronald reagan and rhonda fleming is based on a bret harte writings as our story takes place in a gold mining town in california where gambler john payne finds it easier to take money at the poker table than digging for gold...a stranger riding into town played by ronald reagan saves payne...reagan known as cowpoke becomes tennessee 's partner....but the place is full of rough characters....the story lines are excellent with outstanding action scenes and production with over an hours worth of entertainment great job by vci entertainment for releasing the " long john silver " ( 1954 ) , digital transfere with a clean , clear and crisp print...looking forward to more of the same from the ' '50s vintage...order your copy now from amazon or vci entertainment , stay tuned once again with a top notch film releases from vci...so climb aboard and get ready for some high adventure that only vci entertainment ( king of the serials ) can deliver...just the way we like ' em ! total time : 106 mins on dvd ~ vci entertainment 8452 ~ ( 6 / 27 / 2006 ) 
books neg 574.txt i was eager to read this book , but after reading it i was left completely flat . the rest of the iceberg ? hardly . smith barely gives us more than what we could get from reading sports illustrated , or any minnesota sports page . he admits he 's not a fan of football , but for the majority of the book leisurely describes the most basic parts of his football career . this book is touted as : his full and complete story . so we learned he was watching ren & stimpy during his nfl draft . wow , are these the types of meaty stories that we want to read ? how about telling us more of the inside details.. . how did smith deal with people who wanted to be his friends or girlfriends only because he was a star football player ? who were his friends that he could trust , and when did he need that trust ? what thoughts enter your mind as you look to hire an agent ? what was he doing when he was " goofing off and missing class all summer " which led to one of the most covered stories of his time at ohio state ? when , and why did he begin using pot ? if football is not " smart " enough for him , why does n't he study and break down some of the coaching process that is more mentally challenging ? what happened to plans for medical school ? we know the stories of football ; those are the parts of the iceberg that have already been documented . i also felt smith wrote this book as if he is defending himself from all of america . who is attacking him ? why does he feel the need to explain why he was paid so much ? highly paid athlete stories are , sorry for the pun , a dime a dozen . he tries to compare his sitting out for more money to a scenario for the average guy . the truth is , many people will take a job for 5% less than a co-worker because yes , they value things other than money , and yes , they are happy to have a job . leaving the grammatical errors to the other reviewers , it felt like i was reading an average high school creative writing project . ' i did this , i did that , i went to bed , next day . ' half of his quotes are from the wellspring of deep philosophy : pop music . smith notes " less than 50 percent of americans read at a 10th-grade level " . well , this book certainly wo n't tax the reading ability of too many people . one lesson from this book is that smith had opportunities to swallow his pride , take some coaching , and come up with a better solution . this book is another one of those times . he should have hired an editor or writing consultant who could give guidance . build the characters ; help us feel their stories . instead , smith felt it necessary to go alone to get to the raw emotions . sorry , but compared to other autobiographies , this was not an emotional book . i 'm sure smith is all the things that mike gutter says he is , such as : thoughtful , honest , trustworthy , dependable , passionate.. . but i felt that some of the best stories that would demonstrate these characteristics were left out of this book . instead , we are still looking for the rest of the iceberg . 
music pos 544.txt first off , to the above comments , while i thoroughly enjoyed your well articulated history lessons , and would be interested to read other history lessons from you , you have to realize that this story is not directly based off of the 300 spartans at thermopolye , but of the graphic novel . now this is not to say that it is historily accurate in some sense , but the movie is tuned more to the direction of the graphic novell itself . **** caution spoiler alert ***** besides that the soundtrack is amazing and it is always a joy to listen to a soundtrack that really captivates the real emotion of that particular scene , i especially enjoyed the music when they fight the " beasts " and it is really hard rock , and i especially loved the ending music when the entire spartan army is gathered and the one spartan is telling them to remember leonidas ( it is called remember us on the soundtrack ) . may we all find our own " glorius death 
camera neg 961.txt after discovering that the makers of a great camera would only offer such an inferior case , i did some more looking . what i ended up with was a pelican case . for those not familiar with these cases stop by any camera / photo shop , and they most likely carry them . they come in many sizes and are simply an airtight , waterproof high impact plastic case with very snug fitting latches . the inside is solid soft foam that you & quot ; pluck&quot ; to fit what ever you want to store in the case . i purchased the 1300 for my finepix 3800. the case easily holds the camera , battery charger , mini tripod , and 3 xd cards . they come in 4 or 5 colors , and can be used for almost anything you want to protect from damage 
camera pos 973.txt i 've had this camcorder for a week now and i think it works great .. except for the touch screen feature . that takes a little getting used to .. especially when accessing the special features ( such as fader effects ) while filming . the digital still quality is poor when recording directly to the memory stick .. but the same images taken as a still from prerecorded tape is much clearer . all in all it is a good product .. just takes some getting used to 
music pos 4.txt like i said i would , i finally got around to purchasing this cd . i especially like tracks 9-12. cheap trick is solid as always . i have been a long time fan and enjoy all their releases . if i do have any criticism at all , it is the fact that some songs sound like recycled trick riffs . i guess it 's hard to create new stuff after 30+ years . anyway , there are some great tunes on this . buy it like i did ! 
dvd pos 426.txt i do not consider it hyperbole to talk about the second season of " buffy the vampire slayer " as scaling operatic heights , culminating with the glorious aria of " becoming , part 2 , " which i still relentlesly tout as one of the ten best dramatic hours on television i have ever seen in my life . i have watched a lot of television and have been teaching classes about this topic for over half my life , so i believe i can make a pretty convincing case . we witnesses the potential of this series in season 1 , when creator joss whedon held off on the revelation that the mysterious angel was really a vampire , who just happened to have a soul and loved the slayer , until half way through the abbreviated first season . in season 2 , we find out just how far true love can go wrong . love continues to be a very painful thing for the scooby gang , as cordelia ( " some assembly required " ) , xander ( " inca mummy girl " ) and joyce ( " ted " ) , find out . then again , prospects look much better for willow ( " phases " ) , although we never really do take the cordelia-xander romance ( " go fish " ) to be anything more than a cosmic joke , which does offer up the delightfully twisted " bewitched , bothered , and bewildered " as the exception that proves the rule ( footnote : buffy spends most of the episode as the buffy rat because sarah michelle gellar was hosting snl that week ) . of the off-arc stories , " halloween " and " ted " are clearly the best of the bunch . but when it comes to romance , buffy and angel are truly on the road to hell paved with the best of intentions . it is clear in the season premier episode , " when she was bad , " that things are different . when buffy dances seductively with xander , taunting him with her sexuality , the ante has been upped considerably . the pivotal point in the season comes with episode 13 ( of 22 ) , " surprise , " when buffy unknowingly undoes angel 's curse on the night of her 17th birthday by making love to him . why the gypsies put in the faustian ( in the goethe sense ) escape clause via the moment of true happiness and contentment is debatable , but the galvanizing effect on the show is truly impressive . when angelus brutally slays jenny calendar in " passion , " leaving her body in a grotesque display for giles to discover in his bed ( while opera music soars in the background ) , it is the symbolic hellmouth of the show opening up . the audience is shocked into realizing how bad things can get , only the worst is yet to come . giles 's anger buys him one shot at angelus , but buffy has to rescue him . they turn on each other in anger , and buffy actually slugs him to the ground before they collapse weeping in each other 's arms . buffy tells him , " i ca n't do this alone , " but this proves to be most ironically incorrect . clearly whedon constructs each season around two half-season story arcs . the first half of season 2 heralds the arrival of spike and dru , and the quick departure of " the annoying one . " of course now we look back and are amazed at what james marsters has done with the role of spike , but at this point it is juliet landau 's ditzy psychotic vampire who provides the flair of the dark side . whedon brings the first half to a climax in " what 's my line ? , " the show 's first two-parter , where we are introduced to kendra the vampire slayer . it seems buffy 's brief moment of death at the hands of the master in " prophecy girl " has some long reaching implications we only begin to appreciate at this point . but with the return of angelus everything changes . spike and drusilla are trying to reassemble the judge , a grotesque who cannot be killed " by any weapon forged . " then everybody learns the truth about not only angel 's transformation but also jenny 's betrayal . thus begins the deadly game of cat and mouse between angel and his former allies , which culminates in the two parts of " becoming . " both parts of " becoming " are written and directed by whedon , and represent the apex of his work on the series . when angeleus opens the portal to hell , only his blood can close it , but things are not going to be that easy for buffy . the dramatic culmination contains the best fight sequence ( with swords ) in a show that prides itself on innovative staging of its fights , and is an ultimately emotionally shattering experience captured beautifully by sarah michelle gellar 's slow dissolve into tears while the haunting sarah mclachlan song " full of grace " is played . joss whedon had set this moment up from the first episode of the series . it is a payoff usually reserved for the final episode of a series and not simply the end of the second season . " becoming " is truly an astounding accomplishment in the history of dramatic television and when you watch the entire second season again you can appreciate how brilliantly this shattering conclusion is set up . the original theatrical film was a teaser , the first season on television was an appetizer , but the second season of " buffy the vampire slayer " was epic and once you see this , whether again or for the first time , you are not going to want to stop here . it was also nice to see that the extras went up a couple of notches for the season 2 dvd collection , especially since we expect more goodies from whedon and crew , especially given the high quality of " the watchers guide , " the show 's official companion volumes . there was a lot of thought put into this show , which means any and all insights and looks behind the curtain are greatly appreciated 
camera pos 568.txt i purchased this kit , primarily for the extra battery , which retails for about what i paid for this item . having the backup battery is great , but i was pleasantly suprised by the soft case . it protects my dsc-p200 , without being bulky or heavy . with the camera being so small , it was hard to find good protection without spending quite a bit of money . the case for the memory sticks is nice as well . it is easy to lose a stick if it 's just floating around and the case keeps them securely . all in all , this is an excellent value 
music pos 574.txt this cd is so awesome , it stays in my cd player and i have recently added it to my mp3. 
camera pos 307.txt i 've had this camera for about 1 1 / 2 years now and it 's been a tried and true companion . i 've easily taken over 10 , 000 shots with it and produced some really exceptional photographs . the features that really set this camera apart are the 12x zoom , the image stabilization ( a must with such a large zoom ) , and the rotating screen ( great if you want to take a picture of yourself : ) ) . i also love the macro mode , i 've gotten some great quality close-ups . for most situations you can just stick it in auto mode and get great results , but the different scene modes are fun to play with as well . performs extremely well outdoors - - wildlife , sports , landscape , beach , etc. my only real complaint is its performance in low-light situations . pictures are grainy and the camera is very slow to respond , sometimes not responding at all . also it can eat through batteries fairly quickly - - regular aa batteries lasted me about 2.5 hours of continuous shooting ( around 200 pictures ) or less if i was shooting in cold weather . i would definately recommend rechargable batteries . overall i 've really enjoyed this camera . i 've used and abused it and apart from low-light situations ( which i was rarely in anyway ) it never let me down . both my grandmother and my great aunt bought one within the past 6 months and they rave about it 
camera neg 733.txt i really wanted to love this camera . the camera is compact and could fit into the pocket of my jeans ! i did plenty of research before choosing to buy this camera so i expected all the quarks of the unit mentioned in other reviews . the 30 frames per second uninterlaced video is good - of course it 's not as good as full resolution 60 fields per second video.. . but the unit fits into my pocket ! another huge plus is that each " shot " is an individual file that can be dragged off the unit and onto a pc using a usb cable . no further processing - the file just copies and plays in quicktime , etc. another great feature is the ability to zoom while recording a movie , which most point and shoot cameras that record video will not allow you to do . now the sad part ; amazon has shipped me two units - both with bad pixels on the lcd and ccd . the bad pixels on the lcd , according to the manual , are expected and " not a malfunction " ; i disagree with that . for the cost of the unit there should be no bad pixels on the lcd monitor . the huge problem is the bad pixels on the ccd ! this results with white pixels being recorded on the files ; this is compounded by the " image stabilization " . the image stabilization shifts the image the ccd receives around in attempt to stabilize a shot of video - and it works great ! however , as the video is shifted and stabilized the white pixels are shifted around the screen as well . it 's almost like there are flies moving through every single shot you record . the bad ccd is the reason why i ca n't love the c6... i gave up hope and sent both back to amazon . i 'm not sure what i will buy now . 
dvd neg 539.txt this film , like most of his early work , is for hitchcock aficionados only . i am an admirer of hitchcock and also enjoy old british films , but i still found this movie tough going , not least because of the 110 mins running time . the picture quality of this laserlight dvd is not perfect , but it is perfectly watchable and probably a lot better than you 'd expect for the price . the musical score is also okay , but nothing to write home about . laserlight do however pose a mystery that hitch himself would have been proud of . this dvd has no commentary , no documentary and no trailer , not even one of those awful tony curtis intros . so why do laserlight describe this dvd as a ' special edition ' 
camera pos 508.txt if you are expecting clear professional sound transmission , this is not it . that 's a wireless system costing $1 , 000 - $3 , 000. this system is strictly for home none professional use . i think people were expecting this system to deliver the hi fidelity sound they hear on movies or tv soundtrack . professionals do not use this system . that is the reason for the low price . home movies only . 
camera pos 535.txt this is a great bag . it fits the camera perfectly and has room for all of the accessories as well . i 'm very pleased and was happy that amazon carries the item as we could not locate it anywhere else 
camera neg 306.txt this battery does not fit the camera i purchased . the camera comes with a battery , so why did you try to sell me another one , one that does not fit , no less ? i have returned the battery but have not heard back from you on the return . it has been two weeks 
camera pos 319.txt this gadget is a must-have for gadget lovers.....and picture lovers . it is compact , solid and fits any small pocket or clutch bag . the images are crisp if you get it set appropriately . if you love attention get this product and if you do n't .....not to worry the camera gets all of it . 
music pos 496.txt not as epically gorgeous as ' once upon a time in america ' , but still lovely . there 's a south american influence that lends a very fresh sound to the entire soundtrack . my favourite track is an ave maria- -in guarani . haunting . however , " gabriel 's oboe " is the theme that makes this score . being an oboist , it of course holds a particular appeal to me- -and the oboe performing the theme is really something to be aspired to 
camera pos 459.txt product is working good and clarity is fine . but i found the next version product ( with remote ) cost lower than this product . 
software pos 847.txt i 've had this pc remove for 1 year and i have used it everyday that i am home and i have not yet changed the remote batteries . my pc has suddenly become more entertaining and useful . with this remote , the time i spend sitting in front of the monitor is reduced . in my 860 sq ft apt , the farthest point away from my pc is about 50 ft . the remote has always worked from anywhere in the apt thru 2 walls . i was surprised to get this much range . i have not yet found a spot from which it does n't work . to get the best range be sure to position the usb rf receiver near the computer as directed . with my pc , i 'm always playing music . i also play digital video files that were either taken with my camera or were rented digitally from the internet . i have a good graphics card with s-video tv out . i got a 50 ft s-video / out cable ; this connects my pc and tv which are in different rooms . with this remote , i now can play ( and control ) my entire digital music collection on my home stereo ( which is connected to the tv ) without being at my pc or be in the same room as my pc . also , with this remote , any video that can be played on my pc , ( online streaming or local ) i can watch and control it ( pause , rewind , slow motion , next , fwd ) on my tv . my pc / tv has effectively become a powerful media center- -media center pc not needed . there is so much more.. . with the remote , i use the mouse from far away ( lying in bed or on the couch ) ; there a numerous ways to get creative with this . i wish the remote was lighted . still , the keys are arranged for " touch typing " so to speak . another negative , i 've noticed that windows media player sometimes crashes when video is launched from within the software that comes with the remote . 
software neg 35.txt i am in agreement with others here who indicate that 4.0 is a downgrade from 3.0. performance is very poor , especially the organizer . it 's depressing to see how fast alternative programs are , such as mac iphoto and even the canon software that came with my camera , compared to elements . recently , i 've been getting lots of crashes , though everything else on my system is completely stable . the only reason i gave it more than 1 star is it does have some nice functionality , when it works correctly 
music neg 405.txt their basically what would happen if you took p.o.d 's lyrics , and then added boring 1 chord riffs repeated throughout the whole song followed by the singer screaming the top of his head off about god and self-loathing in a noise-bleed inducing pre-pubescent girl voice , so you have a band so bad it makes god himself want to commit suicide . the song titles are also annoyingly bad , obviously made so they sound artistically genius ( but instead monotonous ) . and to everyone who thinks these guys are metal , they deserve to be buried alive . metal is fear factory , lamb of god , in flames , and arch enemy . these guys are about as metal as maroon 5. 
camera neg 470.txt have never before provided a negative review but this is a product to avoid . instructions worthless - - only learned by reading reviews here that it is possible to change some display settings then went to much trial and error . after getting best possible settings , main problem is still picture quality : using high quality jpg files as input , photos display with about the visual sharpness of the sunday funnies - - individual dots very noticeable even at some distance . not at all like what i have seen in other digital picture frames . just arrived from amazon and intended as a v-day gift ( tomorrow ) for my wife , big disappointment , guess i better make a dash to the florist . 
music neg 438.txt the title says it all . they could have put a better group of songs togather 
camera neg 551.txt i would spend a little more money and buy a better quality camera . the picture quality was not good at all . i previously owned another kodak camera with the same megapixels and the picture quality on that camera was much better . just after a year of using the kodak c300 camera , it stopped working and i did not use it that much . i now own the sony cybershot dsc-w50 that takes great pictures , i have n't had any problems with it and i have been using it on an almost daily basis since may 2006 
camera neg 21.txt polarizing filters are used to eliminate glare on non-metallic surfaces like glass or water . they can also be used to increase the contrast and color saturation of your image . i use my polarizer not only to eliminate glare , but also to make skies a nice shade of blue or to get some " pop " out of clouds . there are so many options to consider when purchasing the polarizing filter for your needs . for instance , linear vs. circular , film or digital versions , or quality vs. price . if you are making use of a ttl or auto-focusing system , circular polarizers are designed to work with those features . linear polarizers has their uses , but they are manufactured differently and may not work . unless you are certain , just get a circular polarizing filter . there are some digital circular polarizers on the market . i am not sure what makes a cir-pl lens better for digital as opposed to film . i use a canon 20d digital slr and see no problems caused by using a supposed non-digital filter on a digital camera . most of the time , when it comes to filters ; you get what you pay for . does that mean you need an expensive polarizer ? of course not , just be sure to get the right filter for your needs . what ever polarizing filter you get , make sure it is color neutral to prevent unwanted tinting . spending more on a color balanced filter will save time in post . if you need multiple filter sizes , consider saving money by using step down rings . currently i use the hoya pro1 filters , as the canon polarizing filters i previously owned were without question bulkier and heavier . the weight might not seem like much , but when you stick all your items in a backpack all the extra bits of weight add up quickly . i can spend a good amount of time with my equipment on my back so this is a big concern for me . when it came down to the images , at times i would see a browning tint on my photos . the tint is easy to clean up in photoshop cs2 , but i do n't see that problem with the hoya pro1 filter . overall , i would recommend against the canon polarizing filters . i originally thought , " it is canon , it must be quality . " since then i have replaced all my canon filters . this filter works , but comes at a cost of disadvantages to other similarly priced filters . pros : can be used for film or digital cameras eliminates internal reflections and ghosting cons : bulky and heavy not neutral color balance 
camera pos 253.txt i 've had this camera for three years . i bought it new , when it was cutting edge and very expensive . i put a 128mb cf card in it . first , i have to say that i have never had the slightest problem with this camera or the software . i 've probably taken upwards of 5000 pictures with it , it 's been all over the country . the software has been installed on windows 95 , 98 , 2000 and xp and i have n't had any problems with it . the camera is solid , performs well , takes good pictures , and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the lcd viewfinder . if battery life were that big a deal , one could purchase a second battery and rotate . all that said , i am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera . they are razor sharp , the color balance is perfect , and the focus is great . when taking pictures of people , however , it shows every flaw in the subject 's skin . scratches , oil , freckles are magnified and come out looking horrific . it requires extensive photoshopping to fix the flaws . other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better . i will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture . by the time the shot 's taken , something ( especially a squirmy child or a sports play ) has invariably moved and it 's not the exact picture you wanted . i 'm going to buy a real single-lens reflex ( slr ) to take baby pictures , but i 'll keep this as a travel camera 
camera pos 663.txt i have no complaints . i have had this camera for over a year and a half and it has been reliable , fast , and gives me crisp , quality photos ! the only option i wish this camera had was a better stabilization mode to prevent blurred pictures , but the software edits the blur without reducing the quality . blurry pictures are not a problem as long as you know how to aim and shoot . everyone loves playing with my camera because it has many cool features to make your photos fun ! i highly recommend this camera ( especially to beginners or for those who just want a simple camera that can capture those precious moments , with high quality photos ) . excellent camera overall ! ; 
camera pos 506.txt i got this bag for under $15 and it is worth every penny . it fits my canon zr850 and accessories . it looks nice and it seems to be a great quality . 
camera neg 900.txt hi , i have lost the cd rom to download the movie from the camera . sony does not offer it for free on its website . you have to pay $70 dollars to get it again . that clearly disappoints me . 
music neg 181.txt if you have children that are five years & younger , this would be a good album to put in your child 's boom box or get it in cassette for their tape player . but if your children are six and up . your better off finding the real songs and burning them if you can find these songs . this album should be saved strictly for the poor folks who wnat music for their kids but cannot afford it . this ablum would be number 1 if it were sold in rwanda , sudan or other third world nations since it could be sold for like dirt cheap . parents , if you buy this album , after your children turn 6 years old . pack this cd and other ki8dz bop cd 's and send them to africa . this is pop music for impoverished folks 
music neg 732.txt i bought this cd for one song , & quot ; walk away&quot ; which was one of their best known songs . i was hoping since that particular song was so good that maybe the album would harbor a few more gems . there wasn't . the rest of the album is like an anti-climax . i would suggest a greatest hits instead . if you see this cd just turn your pretty head and walk away 
books neg 140.txt i am a gigantic james brown fan , i have 100 albums , 130 singles , i 've met him 5 times , seen him live over 100 times since 1971 , had lunch with him in nyc , and i am the ' paul ' in the jb section of gerri hirshey 's nice history of soul music nowhere to run , but if this book was written by james brown or if he even had much to tell the writer , i 'll eat my refrigerator . it is so full of errors that it is laughable . one of the most glaring errors was when mr. brown ' supposedly ' said , " say it loud was where funk started " or something to that effect . that is so ridiculous . james brown would never say such a thing ! any student of funk knows that cold sweat was the quintessentional funk piece and it is not even mentioned in the book ! ! ! the style of mr. brown 's sentences that are attributed to him sound nothing like him . i have no idea why this was put out . the other ' autobiography ' written over a decade ago was more relevent and much better written , the godfather of soul by jb and bruce tucker . someone , ( alan leeds ? ) needs to write a 600 page comprehensive biography of mr. brown with much more detail . 
camera pos 390.txt i am only an amateur photographer , but still . . . this small camera with the long nose gives performance one might expect from an slr film camer costing a lot more , and a lot more complicated to use . i caught the digital bug sevearl years ago . my latest before this beauty was a simple little canon sureshot 3mp . a great camera , but this camera has the same simplicity , but takes pictures which are much more refined in terms of sharpeness for not much more than i paid for that camera four years ago ! ! this panasonic lumix has a leica lens , which can ' t be matched by any other camera but it 's twin leica camera- -a much more expensive piece of equipment . the long lens might put you off if you are an average family photog , but if you want an all around 35mm-12x camera without a huge heavy expensive bag of lenses , like me , this baby is for you . it only looks massive . it is quite lite and manageable . i use it for bird photographsy , but it could be great for any situation where you need to get really close up in just about any lighting situation with ultra-fine resolution . do n't want to spend mega bucks for a mega-camera ? this is the answer . i love it , and i think your will , too . easy to use , and easy on the wallet . if you 're not quite there , try the next model down , with the same focal length but 6 mp , for a couple hundred less . another terrific buy . no , i do n't work for panasanic . i 'm a retired print editor . jim isha 
music pos 237.txt a lot of music fans have mused over why matthew sweet did not achieve greater success with the masses despite his obvious ability to write very catchy songs . " sick of myself " single-handedly rejuvenated my faith in the power of pop music at a time when pop seemed to have exhausted its possibilities . but in retrospect sweet simply was n't a very marketable commodity for the music industry , and on top of that his vocals and lyrics somehow did n't grab people . its not that he does n't sing with passion or feeling , but somehow the words seem to get lost in the mix . perhaps its a production thing ; regardless , the vocals on a ms album always seem to be secondary to the music and that is a no-no for any great singer-songwriter . there are some truly impressive ( albeit derivative ) stuff here : " what matters " is in my opinion the greatest byrds song never written , " hide " is a beautiful piano ballad that would n't seem out of place on badfinger compilation , " if time permits " has some of the most beautiful chorus harmonies not written by brian wilson , etc. etc. " i 've been waiting " works well in combining catchy melody with plaintive adolescent desire , and " girlfriend " is for the most part a great rocker . however , after the relatively simple production of girlfriend , his later albums got bogged down in an attempt to recreate a " wall of sound " feeling , which quite frankly does n't really work unless you 're phil spector . not much here can be completely discounted and the new songs fit in quite well ( although i probably would have included " evangeline " at the expense of " ready " ) . despite the undeniable quality of the music there is nothing life-changing here and ultimately great music must at least have the semblance of being life-changing . still heartily recommended for fans of catchy , melodic pop-rock 
dvd pos 442.txt while this dvd was obviously filmed in the early 1970s with the picture quality to match at times , the genius of david bowie shines through . as adults too young to remember or have seen ziggy stardust , it was an amazing look at the time period . the sound quality is suprisingly good , although some camera angles are distracting at times . it was also neat to hear bowie 's pronouncement of " this is our last tour ever . " little did he know.. . this dvd is worth every penny . rock on 
music pos 821.txt i discovered seal the same way that most people did : through his utterly beautiful song " kiss from a rose " . i heard it on the radio one day , and played it constantly for months after that until i finally decided to purchase the album the song was from . as it happens , the song is from seal 's most revered album , his multi-platinum 1994 self-titled album . ( this is not to be confused with his other self-titled album , his debut , released in 1991. ) i did n't know what to expect when i bought the album , having heard only one song from it , but months after purchasing it i 'm glad i made the gamble . i think that the sub-genre which best classifies seal is urban . urban music , according to all music guide , is smooth and polished , often romantic , sometimes uptempo and funky , and features soulful vocals . seal has all of this and more . it has techno beats , but they 're not as overwhelming as one might expect . they blend together with peaceful , occasionally ethereal guitars and seal 's incredibly soothing singing . this is , no doubt , stylish music , but first and foremost it 's a collection of warm , encouraging songs penned by a very talented musician . there 's nothing that comes close to being a bad song here ; there 's not even a slightly weak composition . thus it 's a little harder to pick highlights than usual . some highlights include the strong opening track , " bring it on " ; the emotional hit " prayer for the dying " ; the shimmering " dreaming in metaphors " ; the upbeat " newborn friend " ; and , needless to say , the absolutely wonderful " kiss from a rose " . the closing track , " bring it on ( reprise ) " is another beautiful song , but " kiss from a rose " is possibly the most lovely song i 've ever heard . listening to it in the warmth of one 's home during a snowy december afternoon is an incredibly powerful experience . the message of the album , if there is one , is " keep on going - life is beautiful ! " it could fail under any other popular artist , but seal succeeds marvelously . this is some of the most heartfelt , inspirational singing i 've ever heard . there 's a delightful optimism in seal 's singing that sounds strong rather than naiive . it 's hard to feel down after listening to such an uplifting album as this . seal is certainly one of the most talented musicians of r&b ( or rock - you decide ) . these songs have clear , strong messages , warm , inspirational lyrics , heartfelt , soothing singing , danceable beats , and a whole lot of emotion . once you 've heard " kiss from a rose " , i guarantee you 'll want to pick up the album . if you 're already thinking of doing so , then i encourage you to go forward and buy it ; you wo n't regret it . it 's become one of my favorite albums . when you 're feeling disillusioned or depressed with the state of your life or just life in general , look no further than seal to make you cherish it once again . 
camera pos 809.txt the compact power adapter for camcorder that we had ordered was in excellent condition and as described . thank 
music neg 828.txt i bought this cd not long after it came out . it did n't last long in my collection because it only has a few good songs on it ! ! ! i like somehow our love survives and abandoned garden . other than that this is a mediocre effort for michael . he has used this kind of brazilian theme on sleeping gypsy already . stick with your roots michael...you are from california...not south america . try buying blue pacific instead ! ! ! i abandoned this one a long time ago 
music pos 119.txt i had been hearing " always thinking of you . " but , i never got who it was . i purchased xm radio and on the smooth jazz channel , i heard the cut again and got the artist name . purchased the cd based on that one cut . every cut is great on this cd . i look forward to catching him live at some point and will continue to look for more from him in the future . he has his own style . but , not only do you hear hints of benson and brown..........i hear a little doc powell as well . i will be introducing friends to this great artist............keep it coming........... . 
camera pos 977.txt i checked the 3ccd from panasonic and the canon camcorders . in that price range this is the best i found ( if you have the extra money , the new hdv camcorder from sony might be your best bet ! ) . important:the ccd issues referred in other user comments are real ( although i do n't know if it will also apply to this new model ) . it actually happened on my previous sony . i purchased a 5 years warranty from sony for my dcr-hc90. 5 years is a good product life so i will take the risk of ccd failure after that period and enjoy this great product until then ! great features are : small but feels solid , 3 megapixel pictures ( impressive quality for camcorder ) , incredible low light performance , nice touch screen , great features . battery life is actually not too bad from original battery but you might need an extra . what i did not like : cannot take full size pictures in camera mode ( only in memory mode ) , limited zoom compared to most new camcorders and lots of required extra ( svideo cable , ilink cable , video light , decent size memory stick , extended warranty ) . i am still giving this a 5-stars overall . 
music pos 220.txt evan dando has once again delivered an astounding collection of pop / punk songs . this album rocks like lovey and is almost as catchy as come on feel . i 've been listening to this album for weeks on end . 
music neg 766.txt about half the songs are great old songs i 'm familiar with , the other half are songs made famous by other artists and most are clangers for elvis that are painful to listen to 
dvd pos 952.txt afi finally release a live dvd , and as a portrayal of the band as it stands now , it is very impressive . it does lack older , more hardcore punk tracks , but that is to be expected as the band grows and matures into the band it is now . each album progresses towards more epic scales , and songs balance beauty with power . " i heard a voice " captures this on film , and the fan gets to witness afi at their most grandiose . watching vocalist davey havok sing " god called in sick today " while being held up by the audience is amazing to watch and gives this reviewer chills everytime . the masterful command of theatrics from each member , especially havok , creates a powerful feeling unable to fully describe but easy to appreciate . the setlist itself is perfectly put together , with the only gripe being the exclusion of " kiss and control . " the rest of the songs display all facets of afi , from the fast paced " dancing through sunday " , ( which includes a nicely executed guitar solo by guitarist jade puget ) " kill caustic " , " death of seasons " , " totalimmortal " and " a single second " , ( the last of which features a guest appearance by nick 13 of tiger army ) to the slower paced " this time imperfect " and " endlessly , she said " as well as all of their recent singles , and a few more cuts from their latest releases " decemberunderground " and " sing the sorrow " . extras are geared towards the fans , with despair faction interviews and the inclusion of videos from their massive scavenger hunt prior to the decemberunderground release , as well as a poster . each band member has their moments to shine , and are all very capable and talented muscians . bassist hunter burgan and drummer adam carson lay down a solid foundation as well as background vocals , as puget layers his unique guitar sound and obvious mastery , in this genre , over the instrument . this is all built up to allow havok to use his unique vocal approach to wander in between melodies and notes , mixing powerful singing with a fantastic screaming voice , to create beautiful atmospheres of sound that can crash down on you just as easily as it hypnotizes you . the quality of the sound production as well as the video edits are fantastic . unlike other live dvd 's , where the concert is edited to the point of a music video , " i heard a voice " has just the right amount to not make you forget you are watching a live dvd , but also add to the overall effect of the performance . the sound is very clear , and the sound levels are perfectly set to allow each member to cut through the mix . this is overall a very stellar production , and fans who have already embraced the new direction of the band , as well as new fans and casual fans , should find the dvd to be quite entertaining and a very worthwhile buy 
camera pos 692.txt very well made . once you are holding it you will feel the price was quite low for a product this solid and well designed . 
camera neg 640.txt i read other review , and decided to give it a try . as soon as i recieve it in the mail , and opened the box , i realized this was a mistake . cheap quality binocular with " high power " being a selling point . it came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart . you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place ! it is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation . you will be constantly ajdusting the focus . your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it . indeed strap , case , lense protectors are all cheap crap , and annoying to have it all on~ ! i am taking this back , and buying made in japan " nikon eagle view " 100 times better . you get what you pay for~ ! ! ! ! ! 
music pos 173.txt this is my favorite bob dylan album . the album begins and ends with two of the greatest songs ever , like a rolling stone and my favorite desolation row . sandwiched in between are some fantastic songs . the album is filled with incredible lyrics , wonderful music , and a mean harmonica . if you want to know why bob dylan is a legend buy this album 
camera neg 365.txt it 's a great concept , but my unit was n't recognized by any of my 3 pc 's , despite hours of work with tech support and even trying a second unit . one of my pcs runs xp ( they had no idea why this computer did n't recognize the magpix ) and the others run win98 ( which they said sometimes has problems with the magpix , although they do n't say that in their marketing literature ) . they gave me my money back , but refused to refund the shipping charge as promised , and in addition i wasted several hours and the cost of mailing two units back to them . i suggest waiting for the next version , or even better , for a better company to introduce a similar product 
music neg 456.txt i was really excited when i received tone poems iii as a gift . wow , grisman and brozman ! two amazing fret men playing some wonderful vintage instruments . i could n't wait to hear some excellent acoustic bluesy slide and reso music . unfortunately , this recording comes across like sugar poured on the tongue . if you like sitting around in beach wear and listening to hawaiian strumming-which is at least half of it-this is the recording for you . ( in fairness , track 15 , " style o blues , " and track 20 , " new steal , " are wonderful . they have some drive and get-up-and-go . ) i also own tone poems i , which grisman did with flatpicker extraodinaire tony rice . that recording is also mostly a lightweight . i play mandolin and fiddle , and recognize david grisman as the world 's master with the mando . i also appreciate what he 's doing with his acoustic disc recording label . these days , however , he seems to be better off when other musicians are running the show . the recent recordings with vasser clements and old and in the gray are great . " hold on , we 're stummin ' , " with sam bush , is the best new mandolin record i 've heard . buy it and go to acoustic heaven ! for my hard-earned money , however , the tone poems cds have turned out to be an expensive set of matching drink coasters . i just know that musicians of this caliber , playing instruments of this quality , could have given us a better selection of music . 
dvd pos 972.txt this live dvd was released as a companion to randy travis ' " worship & faith " cd . the concert was recorded on july 15 , 2003 at calvary assmebly god church in orlando , florida . here , travis delivers many of the songs from the w&f album , plus " pray for the fish " and his country radio hit " three wooden crosses . " comments from travis and from several fans are added in between songs . like its audio companion , this dvd contains a great mix of classic hymns , camp meeting songs and contemporary worship songs . some of the highlights include " you are worthy of my praise , " " just a closer walk with thee , " " we fall down " and " open the eyes of my heart . " other noteworthy tracks include " shall we gather at the river , " " peace in the valley , " " above all " and " love lifted me . " travis closes the show with " three wooden crosses , " the first song recorded on a christian music label to ever top the country music charts . " worship & faith " is a great dvd for lovers of worship music , lovers of country music , as well as for any and every randy travis fan . this is an excellent dvd 
music pos 158.txt neil young 's latest release has some very clever and interesting songs . they are very political so unless you are a completest who likes neil young , if you agree with president bush , this album will be a turn-off . for the politically neutral or those who agree with neil young this is a good album . maybe this is not neil young 's best but it still is a good album 
camera neg 656.txt the battery which " popped up " with my camera order does not match the camera . thus i am stuck with the hassel of returning a battery . i was leaving for a trip when it arrived and so i had to go out and buy a replacement after it arrived . 
camera neg 764.txt do n't be fooled by the enticing 6 megpixels that this camera offers . i 'd been waiting along time to upgrade from my 3 mp nikon coolpix sq as the prices of the higer resolution cameras continued to drop . what 've i 've discovered , however , is that there is so much sensor noise in the full resolution 6 mp images from this hp camera that the additional resolution is worthless . the images look absolutely horrible . my little nikon sq with it 's lower resolution produces much sharper pictures at every image size . do your homework and make sure that the sensor in the camera you 're buying is a good one 
software pos 653.txt i got a hold of a windows vista ultimate disk . it gave the choice to install home basic , home premium , business , or ultimate . i installed vista home basic , because i only have 512 mb of ram . likes : i like the new wallpapers and the way it looks . my documents and my music folder remind me of itunes . dislikes : do n't like that my less than 6 month old hp printer does n't work with vista and my usb net link cable does n't work with vista . when you install something screen slowly fades out and then a window comes up asking you if you want to run the program and trust it . it 's a little annoying because it forces you to stop what your doing and answer the question before you can continue . verdict : i like it , but the incompatibility issues are enough for me to want to stick with xp . i would n't buy home basic . if you really want vista , buy a new computer with vista preinstalled or install a trial version of vista to make sure everything works . i 'm going back to xp , until hp releases vista drivers for my printer . i 'll write reviews on home premium , business , and / or ultimate if i ever get more ram . my computer 2.8 ghz pentium d 512 mb ram 128 mb video car 
music pos 459.txt there is nothing more intimate then the human voice . i am a voice major at a university . nothing speaks to me more highly then choral music . i was a little skeptical about this cd when i first got it . i have since fallen in love with every aspect of it . of course if you get this cd you must get the companion cd lux aeterna by the los angeles master chorale . you cannot have one without the other 
camera pos 551.txt your site was the only place where could find a replacement for my lost nikon uc-e6 usb cable for my nikon coolpix 3100. even nikon could not satisfy my request . thank you cynthia valesi 
camera neg 802.txt i received this as a gift and at first i thought it was great , but then i realized it would only display 142 images . i worked with technical support for several months ( they are not the speediest or most helpful ) . i resized , renamed , restructured the photos , tried them on different media and finally they admitted it was a bug . i rma 'd the unit at my shipping expense of course , only to recieve another with the same problem . i would n't recommend this purchase 
camera pos 122.txt if you are shooting with a compact chip camera like the 20d or rebel xt , you will be happier with the 8mm fisheye . this 15mm fisheye will just be a really distorted wide angle lens due to the 1.6 factor . if you love the fish eye style and have that camera , you 'll need something wider to compensate for your smaller chip . i was disapointed with this lens for that reason . the sigma 8mm is great . a note to the reviewer below . sigma makes some good lenses and bad ones . this is a good one and you probably got a bad copy . it happens often enough with sigma gear . with this lens , its good to go and try one at your local camera shop and make sure it has the style you want . bring your camera with a chip in it and take a few shots and go home to check them out . decide if you like the style and if that piece of glass is a good copy . i got a good copy and was still disapointed because of my lack of knowledge . sounds like you got a bad one 
music pos 990.txt i 'm not particularly familiar with sonic youth and the bits i 've heard from their other albums have n't really grabbed me . this does . the rhythm section would n't be out of place in pseudo-tribal funk , the guitars are dissonant , jangling , sometimes hypnotically repetitive , and just plain weird , and the vocals are distant , airy , lazy . some of the best music i 've heard in a good long while 
camera neg 122.txt im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us 
camera pos 364.txt aside form the fact that canon charges an arm and a leg for a 1 dollar piece of plastic , the remote switch does work well . it does not feel very sturdy and does not seem nearly as well built as the canon cameras . people with big hands may have a little trouble using this product . overall , a " must have " addition for anyone interested in long exposures , images with excellent sharpness and depth of field 
camera neg 887.txt it looks cool and it 's easy to carry , but that is about it . camera is slow and pictures are often blurry . sorry i wasted my money on this one . get one of the new ones with vr so you do n't have that issue . 
camera pos 243.txt this is a great lens . i do not want to repeat all the good things other reviewers have written about this lens . it is not so heavy so i use tripod without using tripod collar ( costs 119.99 in b & h ) . this is the best value i have ever got for a lens . now i ca n't wait to get 17-40mm f4l too . you can get a very nice bokeh when wide open at f4 and f5.6 , of course depending on the how far the background is from the subject . people complain how ugly the hood looks but that is subjective . i like it because it works great and you can attach it in a reversed position on the lens so that it will fit in your camera bag . i think the fit and finish of the lens is beautiful 
camera pos 44.txt this uv filter does it job to protect the lens well . the build is solid ( metal construction ) . the glass is also descent quality . about the performance , it absorbs some uv light . the uv light absorbtion is hardly noticeable , probably the sky 1-a and the haze filter version will absorb more uv light than this lens which is fine for me . now , about the one problem which is the internal reflection . i 've heard many people say that it mostly happens during night or low light shooting . i found out that it is not caused directly by the low light / night situation . the internal reflection will appear when there is a strong / bright source of light in comparison to the overall exposure ( the surrounding environment ) . to put it in example ( which hopefully is easier to understand ) , when you take a picture of a lamp during nightime and the light is much brighter than the surrounding area then you will see the internal reflection . as you move the position of the light to be closer to the sides / corner of the picture ( and not in the center of the picture ) , the internal reflection reduces and finally dissapear ( if you move the light far enough from the center ) . and if the light is n't too bright / contrast compare to the surrounding environment then there will be no internal reflection . but of course most of the time , a lamp at nightime is often very bright . but the point that i 'm trying to make is that the internal reflection does n't happen all the time during low light or night time . additionally , the internal reflection is n't only happening at night . it can also happen in the afternoon if you are taking a picture of a sun for example . basically same rule as above , on how bright is the light source compared to the surrounding area , and as you move the sun from the center of the photo and near the side the internal reflection will move to the side / dissapear ( also depending the angle ) . but the best way is just to remove the filter during these situations . hope this explanation helps you to reduce the occurence of internal reflection by identifying correctly when the internal reflection will occur and then remove the filter during those situation ( which is not hard to do ) . i 'm actually not a fan of lens filter ( any filter ) as i think it will only degrade picture quality as we added another layer between the sensor and object , but i decided to use them anyway for all my lens . and i would recommend everyone to get one of this filter if you do n't have any filter for your lens yet . 
dvd neg 994.txt they say all the major characters come back in ` stitch the movie , ' quickly made direct-to-video sequel to the hugely popular ` lilo and stitch . ' for me , the original film 's most appealing part is , and will be , lilo and stitch , one of the most delightful characters disney created in the last decade . do we still need pleakley when we have stitch ? how about cobra ? or some alien whose name you have forgotten ? do we need them ? no , i do n't think so . but ` stitch the movie ' crammed all these characters into this small film of which running time barely exceeds one hour , together with a weak story that repeats exactly what the original was doing . the original 's idea of ` ohana ' or ` family ' is changed to ` cousin ' this time , but for most of the viewers this is literally a twice-told story , no longer attractive enough . what makes us feel short-changed is , however , the lack of music and scenery , the impressive parts of ` lilo and stitch . ' instead of elvis songs , they have thrown in parodies or homage to other films and tvs like monty python and ed wood , completely missing the target audiences who would buy this dvd to experience the joyful sound and rhythm of this great singer . moreover , the charming , water-color hawaiian scenery is reduced to the generic , unimaginative backdrop which is barely ok even by the lower standard of the disney 's cheap sequels . the only saving grace is the presence of the actors who provided the voices to the characters . except that , and the funny but brief scenes about the lovely pair lilo and stitch , ` stitch the movie ' looks like a pilot film for the original . or perhaps it is . 
camera pos 718.txt first of all i would like to say that i was very reluctant to buy a sony camera . after doing a lot of research for my needs i ended up with canon 800is and sony 's new toy t100. ofcourse canon has the best overall ratings for ever but i wanted a stylish looking camera for my needs . sony t100 is the best looking camera i have seen . it 's features are awesome compared to it 's small size . you can take it everywhere . big bright screen on the back clearly visible in bright sunlight . it takes good indoor pictures too . i tried to play with its settings for while and thought that camera was not good . but then the best feature of the camera made it a winner for me . the auto mode takes great pictures and no need to set anything . sometimes changing auto iso helped to reduce the graniness but to be very honest if you are not going to blow the image to larger sizes ( which would be 99% of the time atleast for me ) it wo n't make difference . just point and shoot . you get a perfect image for viewing on computers . no complaints apart from optional docking station which costs about $80. 5x optical zoom is boon to me as 3x was merely zoom . also zomming while taking movies makes this a small camcoder with 640x480 30fps shooting . it does n't have touch screen like t50 and so it 's responsiveness is better . i would like it bit faster though . also camera takes pictures at very fast rate and the first picture you take is less than 2 secs . i would highly recommend this camera to anyone who can afford it . 
music neg 553.txt i 'm sure glad i did not purchase this cd . back in the 1980 's i had very little knowledge about o'bryan burnnette , but now that i am 22 and appreciate old school music a whole lot more , i know they made several mistakes while releasing this compilation . " soul trains a comin " ( although not a chart hit ) was missing . i would perfer the original version than the 12 inch version used for soul train from seasons 13 - " maria " ( a lackluster lp track from his latest lp , surrender ) should have been replaced with the beautiful " together always " ( from his proper sophmore lp , you & i ) . the horrible and silly " drivin ' force " ( also from surrender ) should have been out ! " lovelite " , " you & i " and " i 'm freaky " lp versions should have been on there instead of the 45 versions because they stood out very well ! ! " is this for real , " right from the start , " and " love has found its way . " were the other great ballads and jams that were non-singles but were gems as well . the absense of " soul trains a comin ' ( original ) " , " together always " , and full versions of " you & i " , " i 'm freaky " , and " lovelite " really knocked off 3 points from best of o'bryan cd and should be made into a redo ! ! for those that wasted thier money on this , " go on and cry " because right stuff records done ripped y'all off ! ! this underated talented artist ( good singer , writer , producer , and instrumentalist ) was trying to be the next prince and michael jackson but he was considered more like a 1980s version of carl thomas ( too soulful for the mainstream ) . people must have bought this cd ( if do not have original lps no more ) because more than half of the tracks are not available on other cds . i admit i love all the songs from the cd ( except for maria and driving force ) , but i will create a new cd under my productions , soul train alumni series along with my own compilations of shalamar , jermaine stewart , pebbles , jody watley and other soul train almumnis . 1. soul trains a comin ' ( original although i love the remix ; loved the keyboard fanfare on the intro ) 2. the gigolo 3. still waters 4. right from the start ( great track and catchy hooks ! ! ) 5. i 'm freaky ( full lp verison , the keyboard solo was missing from the 45 single 4 minute version ) 6. you & i ( full original lp version . loved the closing ) 7. together always ( o showed his true feelings on this 1983 track ) 8. lovelite ( full original lp version - lovelite baby ! ! ) 9. breakin ' together ( good effort and loved the video ! ! ) 10. go on & cry ( good ballad ) 11. lady i love you ( what ever happened to lovin ' your woman and tellin ' her how you feel . this was his best ballad ever and this should school young catz like bobby valentino and r kelly on real love . ) 12. you 're always on my mind ( i 'm glad they included this lp track from 1984 's be my lover on the compilation and would be good for the redo . beautiful ballad that shows a woman on how you feel although she 's seeing someone else ) . 13. tenderoni ( 45 single , i never actually heard of the full lp track before but it was a good pre-new jack single ) 14. is this for real ( great ! ! ! ) 15. you have got to come to me ( beautiful new jack ballad that should have made the charts ) this here is the real best of o'bryan plus more . wish i can add more like " i 'm in love again " , " doin ' alright " , " surrender " " love had found its way " and " shake " but had to pick the best 16 that would fit ! ! - - thank you ! ! 
music neg 318.txt yo gotti in the past can spit some raw ish but on this one , i dunno what happpened.....the production seemed too generic , the rapping was pretty average and generic and not that impressive at all , and doesnt carry much replay value....to be honest , id pop in a three 6 mafia cd rather than this one....album was slacking on so many levels , now theres some tracks that listenable , but the rest make it hard to enjoy this album , nothin special bout it at all...this album waz overhyped i believe and flopped horribly.......gotti can do much better than this.....wouldnt recommend anyone to chek it out.... . 2.5 / 
camera pos 19.txt this , in my very humble opinion , is the most useful , the sharpest , and just about anything else good you can think of say , best wide angle lense ever produced by anybody , anytime , anywhere . lightning fast and that 's what you want when the light is low . my gal pal sara and i have often wandered the caribbean islands in the dawn 's early light , as she is into shooting old homes . she particularly likes the gingerbread homes in marigot , on the french side of st. martin . i swear she must have them all on her hard drive . it 's like an obsession with her and this lens aids her passion , feeds into her manic desire to try and control the light . she just loves it and since i love her , i gotta love it too . seriously though , i 've used the lense quite a bit myself and it 's a keeper if ever there was one . you just go wrong with a canon " l " lense , no siree . jack priest , sailor home from the se 
music pos 906.txt i found this cd by browsing amazon and decided to give it a try . i am happy with all of the tracks . some tracks remind me of beatles a little , but not all , so the band does have a unique sound . even though from the 90s , the sound is like many bands making it today . i like it . 
music neg 301.txt is n't wearing your ancestry on your sleeve so blatantly and in such a predictable fashion just a 21st century version of al jolson ? the problem with so many new-traditionalist artists is that they lessen rather than deepen the understanding of the complexity and diversity of the celebrated cultural groups experience . hippies and white liberals love it , but where does that leave those that are living it ? far better capturing the latina experience are julietta venegas , south of the border , and east la 's lysa flores , north of the border 
music neg 938.txt ( with the possible exception of klemperer 's fidelio . ) i am deeply comforted to see from other reviews that others are finally getting the message . as mr clinton 's campaign team would say , " it 's the singing , stupid " . do *not* be mislead by the starry names , this thing barks and yowls like new year 's eve in the cats-and-dogs home . do not pass go , do not waste $35 , go directly to josef krips on decca legends for three discs of perfect joy 
music pos 149.txt anyone who had access to a radio in the 80 's would know at least two songs by missing persons . their fun music and amazing flare ( dale did have pink and white stiped hair and it looked great ! ) make this a good party album . i also have their album color in your life and most of the songs are great . just as an added note , warren cuccarullo is now a member of duran duran ( my personal favorite band ) and has been since he appeared on their notorious album which was released in 1986 ! ! 
camera pos 241.txt the balance with the grip on is really much better . yes i am aware there were problems with some earlier ones , but mine seems just fine ( knocking on wood as i type ) 
music neg 131.txt there is a reason why you cannot listen to any tracks on amazon - you would n't buy if you could . i read a number of reviews and figured that it was worth a try given that metallica was mentioned as being similar in some small way . this band is nothing even near metallica . i have thrown the disk away - do n't bother 
music pos 817.txt the ufo space travel theme of astonomy domine is continued on let there be more light saucerful of secrets and set the controls . rick wrights two songs are real good remember a day is one of the best on here . seesaw has interesting percusson . corporal clegg floyds first ww2 song is upbeat syds song jugband blues is one of the best early pink floyd songs.saucerful of secerets is a good early pink floyd cd it is an important part of pink floyds history . 
camera pos 858.txt i love this camera ! i shake when i take pictures and this easter every picture i took came out perfectly ! there are so many options on this camera i am having fun just playing with it to see what all it can do ! i would recomend this camera to anyone who is looking for a high quality camera at a good price 
music neg 965.txt my wife got this cd for me because i like the music from the movie cast away . she saw the words & quot ; cast away&quot ; in large and prominent print . she saw the picture of tom hanks , very large . she assumed it was the soundtrack for the movie and not just the 10th track of 10 on the cd . in hindsight she should have read the entire panel on the cd . i guess the producers of this cd did n't think the rest of the music could stand on its own and so they deceptively packaged it this way figuring most people would n't waste time returning it . if you had it listed in the rate column , i would give it a negative rating instead of just the one star 
music pos 492.txt this is a great collection of hits from the 70's . it is packed with hits . it is a great addition to a 70 's hits collection 
camera neg 643.txt this kit conveniently contains 20 sheets of photo paper . unfortunately , kodak does n't contain an ink cartridge for them . fine , i thought , i 'll buy a separate cartridge . guess what ? you ca n't ! kodak only sells cartridges bundled with paper so you will be forced to use their paper . why do they sell paper separately but not ink cartridges ? seems pretty dirty 
camera pos 612.txt this is a neat idea . you do have to have close up pictures to really be able to see them in the small screen . it was very easy to load the pictures and it is very handy to have with me to show others our most recent pictures 
music pos 570.txt stick to singing in spanish , shak 
music pos 248.txt i ca n't even begin to say how much i love these albums ( i just picked uyi 1 to write my review for both ) . everyone always says that appetite is guns best album...no way in hell . the illusion albums are so much richer . now do n't get me wrong , i love appetite but it is more of a party album with cool guitar work and catchy tunes . the illusion twins are just so much deeper lyrically and have many more styles woven in and out of a hard rock framework . i can identify with so many of axls lyrics , and the music just makes them stand out so much more . slash is basically the best hard rock guitar player ever , and he has more awesome solos and leads on these albums than most guitar players have in a career . and the best part about these albums is that the lesser known songs are usually the best , such as : locomotive , bad apples , dont damn me , the garden , pretty tied up , coma , civil war , get in the ring , breakdown , estranged ( kind of popular but still fairly unknown ) 14 years , bad obscession , dust n bones , dead horse , and more . then of course there are the hits , dont cry , november rain , knockin on heavens door , live and let die , you could be mine etc. the only songs i dont really like that much are my world ( wtf ? ) and shotgun blues , but everything else is just so gdamn good . do yourself a favor and go buy these albums if u consider yourself a hard rock fan . the illusion albums are art , plain and simple 
dvd pos 344.txt this is a visually elegant and thematically frightening movie . it conjures up some authentically unearthly and mysterious atmosphere . once agan the outstanding musical accompaniment of tomandandy helps to elevate the film to a level of dread not seen since do n't look now back in ' 73. this was a strangely malinged and neglected film at the time of its release but i think history will mark it out , alongside white noise , as the best of the thrillers that came out in the wake of the success of the sixth sense . 
music neg 826.txt except for the song , mother mother , i did n't really care for the rest of the cd . i bought it for mother , mother so i guess i got what i wanted . i had hoped to like other songs as well , but , oh well 
music pos 310.txt i purchased this album from rasputina 's website as soon as it was released there , and it stayed in my cd player ( or technically , it stayed on repeat on my ipod ) for a full fortnight after . it 's full of the rock , groove , beauty , and madness that typefies the live raspy experience . i highly recommend this cd to any fans who love to see the band live in recital , or who have not yet had the pleasure . if you do n't have this recording , buy it now ! wait a minute.. . why do n't you have it yet ? the only reason i 've given a rating of 4 , rather than 5 , is that i feel the sound quality could be a tad better in some spots ; it can get a little murky . but for the most part , it sounds pretty good . i 'll also mention , for anyone who does n't know , that zoe 's latest solo cd is now available on her website , zoekeating.com . she 's a wonderful artist in her own right - check it out ! 
music pos 944.txt the first time you play this cd you 're just gonna hate it . promise ring 's third album is the opposite of this . very emergency is super catchy and tight but you get sick of it quick , there 's just not much there . that understood , this album will rock you for years . it grows on you . at first listen it sounds like really bad emo demos . like the faceless band you saw open for fugazi the last time they hobbled into town . no hooks , no choruses , lots of really bad singing and sloppy guitar [with the drums mixed way too loud , an emo thing]. on the 100th listen , if you make it that far , it will sound like an old friend yammerin ' on about the good old days . trust me , it 's a desert island disc in the making , i envy those of you just discovering this cd 
camera pos 146.txt this camera is amazing . out of the 3 digital camera 's under $150 i 've used , this is by far the best , beating out the kodak and the sipix . i originally bought the sipix , and it was junk . do n't buy the sipix that 's under $150. the kodak for some reason did n't seem like it took as good pictures as the finepix , but the software was a little better , being from kodak . this camera can take pictures of resolution up to 2 megapixels , but i do n't even use that option because the 1 megapixel pictures are so amazing . it comes with a 16mb removable memory card , so you can take around 49 pics at 1mp , around 24 at 2mp , and it takes short videos for about 30 seconds in mpeg format at a 320 x 160 resolution , or more on a lower setting . the lcd screen can easily be turned on or off to save battery power , and the 2 aa batteries it takes lasts pretty long . it has a nice , sleak design , and the software has no issues with windows xp at least . the only cons i could think of are that the only zoom it has is 2x digital zoom , which is pretty much useless , and i never use it , since it 's the same thing as zooming in with your picture viewer on your computer . so you can consider it not having any zoom . the software for it works well , but it could be better , options wise . the filenames of the pictures will default to a number depending on its order on the memory card , so if you transfer pics to your computer more than once in a day ( since it creates folders based on date ) , you 'll have to rename each pic . but i hardly complain , since the pictures come out so incredibly well . i 'm so happy with this camera ! if you want a camera under $150 , this is the one to get . do n't even waste your time with the kodak , unless you want the one with 3x optical zoom , but that 's $200. i use it for general purpose , taking pictures of freinds and such . once in a while i take a picture of a sunset at 2mp , and that will be photo quality printed on a full page . 1mp creates crisp and clear desktop wallpaper size images , and .3mp will created good smaller images to put on websites . there 's no reason to buy anything else , go with the fuji finepix a200 ! 
music pos 587.txt fluke 's latest album had been long in coming , and plagued with issues ( word on the grapevine is one of the trend-setting trio left some point during production ) . still , years after their masterpiece risotto , fluke has returned intact and delivered another album , the oddly titled puppy . puppy is for the most part a dark album . it 's clearly the evolution of the track absurd ( off risotto ) and its particular taste of big beat techno , with numerous tracks featuring similarly styled lyrics and vocals . the sound has been expanded with touches of industrial guitars and beats that would sound right at home in prodigy 's fat of the land or at a nine inch nails concert . the opening snapshot shows this most evidently . the album takes up a rave feel with the tracks another kind of blues ( a remix of the stellar number zion featured in the matrix reloaded and its soundtrack ) and hang tough , which flow into each other and result in a mesh of old-school rave beats with new-school industrial grooves . ykk is a wicked track that would easily be at home in a big-budget spy or action flick , while expo is a sweeping and epic song . blue sky is as close to an uplifting number you 'll find on the cd , with a full choir used in the song 's chorus . compared to risotto , puppy inevitably comes up short . like bt 's emotional technology , puppy has the misfortune of being the follow-up album to a complete and utter masterpiece ( puppy to risotto , emotional technology to movement in still life ) . and let 's face it : it 's hard to surpass yourself when release an album that 's nigh-perfect . still , i was n't sure what to expect with puppy and i found myself pleasantly surprised . it 's darker and meaner , but it 's an overall rock-solid album , and fans of the grittier side of fluke ( absurd , atom bomb ) will likely be pleased with puppy 
music neg 519.txt as if metalcore wasnt a chainsaw to your head enough , its absolutely ridiculous when metalcore bands mix emo with there already inoriginal sound . this band sounds like a even more flaccid killswitch engage , a hawthorne heights / silverstein with downtuned guitars . as if it wasnt an abomination already , they even sing about vampires . yes , thats right , vampires . and you couldnt get any g*yer . 
camera neg 898.txt so i saw that this product got 5 stars , so i ordered it......when i got it , its like " um.. . is that it ? ? ? " it 's really cute , and really well made , but it has no where to hold my usb cord or memory cards.. . also , there is no hp embroidered in the front like the picture has it , also , the strap that i got is really cracked and does not look good at all.. . other than that , it 's cute , but not the best out there . 
camera pos 515.txt seems to hold a charge just as well or better then the original one that came with the camer 
music pos 342.txt so , incubus rocks no matter who you are or which of their albums is your favorite . plainly put , this album was not my favorite of theirs . it 's good . it 's really good . but if you 're expecting incubus good , you 'll be slightly disappointed 
music neg 492.txt bits of beatles , zappa , queen , ( herman 's hermits ? ) , may be laudable in intent but reveals the crucial difference between an original musical mind and a talented imitator . elfman 's themes are good but his songs have some of the same faults as your normal musical pieces , they have fairly banal , repetitive lyrics and are cut and paste music . has the creepy competence of a dave grusin album . if you like that you 'll be ok here 
music neg 247.txt the music on this album is performed so exquisitely ; the orchestrations so subtle and yet illuminating , that one is almost tempted to forget what a " what for ? " musical this is . donna murphy plays the title character of fosca , a hugely unprepossessing woman who suffers from more maladies than there are stars in the sky . she lives in a remote miltary outpost where she falls in love with the handsome , virile giorgio . giorgio in turn is having a torrid affair with the beautiful , but vapid clara , a married woman back home . however from the time giorgio comes into fosca 's sphere , she becomes this relentless succubus in her pursuit of him . she shows up everywhere he happens to be ; her ferocity matched only by her inexhaustive capacity for self-pity . to depict fosca musically , sondheim comes up with the most monochromatic score of his career . everything is so lugubrious , dark , portentous , tragic ; punctuated by militaristic strains ( with snare drums ) because the soldiers like to...umm...march . in the end , giorgio is worn down enough by fosca 's attentions that he succumbs . he believes he has fallen in love with her , shortly after which she...dies . as i mentioned earlier , the material is beautifully performed ( marin mazzie and jere shea render the opening " happiness " with a marvelous sense of delicacy and sensuality . donna murphy evokes the proper pathos in the haunting " loving you . " ) , but you come away wondering what the point of it all is . if sondheim is trying to show us how love is largely a chronic disease , then he succeeds admirably 
dvd pos 909.txt i think that anyone who believes this movie to be " hilarious " or hudson 's performance " overrated " and " over-the-top " in her singing just does n't like musicals . or perhaps does n't like an all black cast ( i am not black ) or is too young to understand the 60 's world of music and payola and backstabbing . while touted to be similar to the experiences suffered by the supremes with diana ross as its lead singer , it is close in some aspects and totally far away in others . the key words here are " loosely based " on the story of the supremes . why people , including ross herself do n't get that is beyond me ! over the top ? if anyone saw the original play with jennifer holliday ( i did see it ) then you do n't know the meaning of over the top . that character was supposed to be that way and hudson did a wonderful job of that . her performance overrated ? hogwash ! she deserved all the accolades she received as a novice actress . murphy did one of his best acting jobs ever ! beyonce 's performance was good but not great . this was in part because her character while prominent was not the focus of the movie nor was it of the play . this was beyonce 's best acting performance thus far though she still needs some work and the " right " role . this was not the right role for her in my opinion . hudson 's character is the main and central character which puzzles me for the " supporting actress " win . though as lead actress she probably would have lost . you people out there , do n't take my word for this movie 's greatness and take on a true part of history even if it was " white-washed , " no pun intended . or do n't think its a bad movie like some other critics here . you must judge for yourself . i hope and think that you wo n't be disappointed . there are some more than subtle references to the supremes and diana ross especially in some of the costumes , beyonce 's images and album covers ( cd covers for you youngsters ) but only die hard fans of the supremes and people who were there at that time would know that . enjoy 
music neg 725.txt knuff respect to public enemy , they are one of the few groups in hip-hop history who 've provided fans with ill beats and consciouss lyrics . with that said , this single blows . it 's trash . the beats are trash , chuck d and flavor flav do n't rap , the dvd is just them hanging out in some clubs . it 's a shame , legends such as public enemy are far above this remedial single . if you want to hear their best worx , go and buy fear of a black planet , or it takes a nation of millions to hold us back . you wo n't be dissapointed. . 
camera neg 126.txt this item is either not coated or has a single coating and thus any time sun hits the filter , it produces flare in the picture . furthermore , after doing more research it turns out that these uncoated or single coated filters can cause up to 9% light loss vs multi-coated filters like hoya s-hmc or b+w mrc filters . as for polarizer effect itself , i think it 's amazing and you owe it to yourself to at least try it on a nice sunny day . ( the sky and foliage will look completely different and alive 
music pos 954.txt i bought this album when it was first released in the 70's . heaven and hell was hot item and passed through my senior school from ear to ear amongst ' those kids in the know ' in much the same way that a joint would these days . the movements build on a theme throughout the work and reflect the care that went into creating some classical overtures . only later in life could i get the similarities to carl orf and khachaturian . this is a real masterpiece and a snapshot in time of when prog really was prog . listen to it in full and then catalogue alongside camel 's ' the snow goose ' , the original ' tubular bells ' by mike oldfield , ' brain salad surgery ' by elp and finally ' snowflakes are dancing ' by tomita . please dont compare this work to the keybored pop , i chose my spelling , of the 1980 's if you enjoy vangelis , as i do , you might also want to listen to the compositions of ennio morricone , he is the man who wrote that great music that follows clint eastwood in the sergio leone spaghetti westerns . 
camera pos 360.txt this is a fabulous and reliable camera . feels solid . fantastic pictures . easy to operate . a new d40 has been announced over the past few days , but its lack of an lcd display and buttons to manage basic camera controls ( to reduce weight and make it more user friendly ) would still make this my recommended nikon dslr . expect prices to fall as the d40 becomes available 
camera pos 4.txt price went up ! ! ! great value for money spent . will be buying a " ball " attachment for better adjustability . got some great steady shots with 48x digital zoom with the canon s2 i 
music pos 412.txt wow ! i love this spykids movie way better than the first one . i think of the first one as an introduction for the characters and the sequel is the big adventure for all the cortezes and even more characters , like the giggleses . we met donnagon in the first movie , and he was the reason for the cortez parents to go on the mission . now we see that he has kids and we relize that he has bigger plans for the oss . and what about alexandra , the preisidants daughter ? she is the main reason we know about the transmooker device , right ? also grandma and grandpa cortez are joining us in this movie . i think robert rodregiuz did an execallent job on the sequel , spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams . ... the sequel is awesome ! ! ! ! 
camera neg 545.txt this keychain photo viewer sold by a company called " smartparts " is identical to one sold by " argus . " neither company manufactures the device nor do they offer a shred of tech support . you buy this , you 're on your own . you seem to be able to find the argus one a little cheaper.. . though they do mar the front of it with a big , black imprint of their logo . in any case , this thing is maybe worth $20 as a novelty . do n't pay more . image quality is mediocre and the software , while functional , is stunningly primitive . if you can pick it up cheap and approach it with low expectations , it 's a kind of cute gizmo . but do n't give yourself agita by overpaying for an obsolete little toy . check the bargain bins for this thing , or just wait for the next generation device . - - m 
music pos 464.txt as one of the founding fathers of today 's heavy metal rock music , iron butterfly has them power , drive , and sound that made them unique in the world of rock music . this live album serves as a testament to that fact . eventhough the recordings of live concerts from the late 1960 's through the mid 1980 's was primative at best ( by today 's standards ) , this live recording of iron butterfly captures most of the groups best music durring their prime as a chart-topping group of that era . this is a " must-have " for all iron butterfly fans 
camera pos 2.txt i love this backpack ! it is just what i needed to safely carry my camera gear and keep it organized 
camera pos 343.txt this is an elegant leather case for the canon elph cameras . it fits in the pocket easily . i 'm satisfied 
music pos 594.txt this cd was beautifully sung by the cambridge singers , a boys / mens choir , mostly a ' capela . it 's the first christmas cd i 've bought that really tempts me to crank up the volume so i can revel in every note 
music pos 989.txt let me the say that the vocals on this cd may be painful at first , yet you get over them very quickly , except for a few spots . even so , they do not lower my score for the album , and at times are quite catchy . savage - good riffs , good solos , catchy , purely driven madness to start this insane album . 93 / 100 where my fortune lies - the intro is absolutely nuts , and the highlight of the song . probably my least favorite after this , yet the solos are still out of this world . 87 / 100 ninja - what a great song ! the intro is one of the greatest things i have heard in my life , and this song may actually have you humming along at points . ninja ! very well laid out , and the solos at the end are the best so far on the album . brilliance . 97 / 100 concerto - amazing once again , and becker the 17 year old prodigy showcases himself throughout . he proves he is the master of sweeping and arpreggios all over this album , and this song is an insane instrumental that captures melodies like none other . more notes played in 4 1 / 2 minutes than in george harrison 's entire career . 98 / 100 burn the ground - fastest on the album solo wise in fact becker is so fast it is hard to believe that its human . very melodic too except when there are vocals , the song is kinda of disgusting . 87 / 100 desert island -another amazing song very well laid out with great solos and great riffs . the outro is the perfect intro to speed metal symphony . the vocals are actually good on this song , like ninja . , an entertaining song . 97 / 100 speed metal symphony - nine minutes of shredding and arpreggios and all kinds of melodic madness that is beauty to any shredder 's ears . everything about this song is good . 97 / 100 there is n't much to say about this album except becker and friedman show they are true masters of their instruments and are able to play in a melodic and listenable way . i would recommend this over yngwie malmsteen , who has not improved since his first album 
music neg 498.txt ( ... ) this cd is sub-par . most of the beats are cool , but they 're overlayed with too many cheesy lyrics 
camera pos 199.txt be careful when you use this lens because it does not have is ( image stabilizer ) so if you have shaky hands and the exposure is any more than 1 / 8 of a second you are going to going to get some blur . this is why the lens is so cheap . this is especially bad when you are at the far end spectrum of this lens . if you are really zoomed in and it 's cloudy then you should know to use a tripod just in case . this goes for any lens , but if you will be using the 300-mm end of this then use a tripod . it 's common sense , but i 've loaned out this lens and they complained to me afterwards 
music pos 988.txt i would like to point out that mtv rocks is funny and you guys are suckers . this album does rule , just not as much as top40 radio hits 
camera pos 453.txt i have been using this camera quite a bit and am completely happy . it has both point and shoot , and slr features . you can take quick shots or get started with amiture photography . the software was easy to use , easy to set up , and it works well on my mac . it has the quality the you would expect with the canon name . 
camera pos 50.txt i was able to use the canon ef 1.4x ii extender for some nature photography recently in wyoming . i shot elk in low light conditions so i was shooting pretty much wide open . the extender did not compromise the inherent sharpness of the lens at all . you could see the hairs on the animals heads . it 's fantastic 
books pos 940.txt some of patterson 's conclusions were a bit of a reach . some of his segways were n't all that smooth . but this book is just plain entertaining . it is chopped full of stories on rockstars making deals with the devil , lingering around after death , and backed up with just enough innuendo-ish research for it to almost be believable . well , some of it actually believable . patterson scribes on about various rockstar-occult alliances ( in particular the rolling stones and led zeppelin ) and uses quotes from the musicians themselves . 
camera neg 751.txt i bought this with my camera and i guess i didnt realize i could get 3 sony tapes at walmart for the same price . my bad . but i would recommend you get the sony ones locally versus spending $14 on one tape 
music neg 662.txt being an osmond fan can be very frustrating at times.. . this cd has nothing new to offer . there have been several osmond compilation cds in the past 10 years . what 's so different about this one besides the photograph on the cover ? nothing . i agree with the reviewer who wishes the osmonds would put some of their old albums on cd instead of putting out hit compilation cds all the time . been there . done that . bored to tears 
camera neg 364.txt this tripod seemed to be very nice.. . until we tried to extend the legs all of the way . two and a half of the legs worked well , the third had a section that would not stay extended . the locking devices are pretty poor . they are made of a cheap plastic and i believe that even the ones that do work well now , will not last very long with even moderate use . next time i will try to find a tripod with a set screw type of leg extension lock 
camera pos 61.txt this lens is fantastic very fast .colors that will blow you away.2.8f stop can set very fast sutter speeds .i put this lens on my reble xt and i dont want to take it off . love it amazon great........ . 
camera pos 713.txt i really enjoy this small , high quality camara . i purchased a 2.0 gb memory disk so i could take advantage of the 7.1 mega pixel.and i get great pix everytime . i have lots of fun with it . since its so small , it 's easy to take everywhere with me . i also get lots of compliments on it 's " fashionable " sleek design . i highly recomend his camera . 
camera pos 239.txt this is my first time to purchase a battery grip for a digital slr camera and it was a good investment . i do n't have to worry about running out of battery power and at the same time it works as a vertical grip for my camera . it also looks nice on my canon 30d camera , coupled with an " l " series zoom lens 
music neg 357.txt this is the only album i own of joe strummer minus the clash . i ca n't say it 's very good . i hate having to compare it with it with his work with the clash but it 's inevitable . his lyrics are n't as great , edgy or provocative . there is n't any fantastic music either . i am not really sure what to say since i have n't listened to the album in so long because it was so bad , i truly tried my hardest to like it . but i feel it is my duty to advise others to not make the same mistake . believe me : i absolutely love everything about the clash , the lyrics , joe 's voice , the music , the attitude and how cool they were , this is not joe at his best , it 's cool though cause now he 's gone : go buy some bob marley albums instead , joe would not have minded 
camera neg 58.txt i bought it for my 18-55 ef-s , and it looks like it is not very efficient - but i guess it is normal for a 18mm ( x 1.6 ) . i would have prefered a " tulip " design like those of sigma 
camera neg 796.txt this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks . 
music neg 455.txt i listened to this cd and unless you are into the whole barking dog sound of a band i did n't like this one , one bit , but than again it was also for my husband . i definitely would not recommend unless you have heard of the band and like that style of music 
dvd pos 913.txt oh ! how i will never forget seeing the re-release of this film . it was in 1974 and i could not keep my eye 's from it.it is now 2006 and i still can't .what this movie is to me is a place in my heart and being a avid collector of films from the silents to the classics and obscure i find that very meaningful.if you have not seen 7th you are missing out . it truly is a funtastic film.i put this above jason and the argonauts for my reason alone ( i know i stand alone in this for jason has more monsters and the great ray harryhausen has said jason is his fav.along with many of his fans ) .what 7th has above jason for me is music ! a soundtrack to a film has always been a extra push to a film and the 7th voyage has that extra push on jason.bernard herrman 's score is so dreamlike you can close your eyes and leave 7th on and the music is trancelike especially the snake woman dance.please anyone who reads this have 7th voyage in your collection ( jason & the argonauts too for that matter ) .you wont be dissapointed i will always be grateful to have seen this on the big screen and never forget it , i hope when you watch ray harryhausen 's children and bernard herrman 's music come to life you too will not forget it.some say gone with the wind , wizard of oz casablanca , citizen kane , jaws , star wars ( 77 ) , superman ( 78 ) e.t. titanic , 2001 a space & pulp fiction.not me ! if i was on a island and could only have one film from my library ( ouch ! i have alot of films and alot i love ) but i would have to pick the seventh voyage.that would be the one for me on the island.and please let it be the isle of colossus . 
music neg 879.txt this young woman has a fine coloratura soprano voice , albeit a little underpowered , but she simply has no understanding of musical architecture . there is too much emphasis on virtuosic technique and no regard at all for musical subtleties . in fact , i suspect the only reason this little filly was favored over so many of her betters is that she looks mighty tasty in that skimpy frock and short-shorts . once again , sex sells and the vox vulgus dominates at the expense of true art 
music pos 196.txt the title gets it right - this is a very fun album . there are a lot of great songs on here . infectious lyrics and music - it still surprises me that matthew sweet is n't more popular than he is . one other thing...it 's a sin that " we 're the same " was n't a bigger hit than it was . truly a great song 
camera pos 501.txt product is excellent . however when using in motion , whether on bike or vehicle , it is difficult to grip and falls off hand . in addition , the " mode / menu " button is accidentally hit or depressed by your thumb while in motion 
music pos 22.txt this cd is really really good . warped tour never fails to please . the best songs are by these people...the used , yellowcard , story of the year , matchbook romance , the early november , avoid one thing , taking back sunday , audio karate , simple plan , maxeen , coheed and cambria , and mest . buy this c 
music neg 166.txt judas preist 's 1974 debut album . this is simpley weird , i could see why the band hates this album so much...simpley becuase it is so uneven and utterly sloppy and the production sounds like they recorded it in bfi dumpster . when i first got this , i was like " what the hell ? " , granted , debut albums are far from perfect , but this was just downright miserable . this sounds like a combination of pink floyd , rush , black sabbath and cream on an acid trip . the song rocka rolla was ok and so was one for the road , but the rest of the material was abismal . sad wings of destiny was such an improvment from this mess ! the coolest thing about this album is the weird scrapping guitar effects tipton makes on one of the songs ! i 'm surprised that this was even issued on a cd , the band does n't even acknowlege the existance of this album and i can see why ! fortuanatly they prooved to be so much more then what this platter of stange noises provided us with . i know that there are some that like this , but not me ! it is very blues based in some songs , and the most annoying thing is that some of these numbers will put you to sleep . any one expecting a rocking metal album from the preist will be let down by this 
camera neg 959.txt i spend hours pouring over reviews trying to decide which ultracompact was the best deal and the best overall camera . in the end , it came down to panasonic 's fx01 and cannon 's sd600. i read the warnings from other reviewers that the panasonic 's images were n't top quality , but i chose to ignore those reviewers because on paper the fx01 looks like it would out perform the sd600. i was wrong . after using the fx01 for a few days i knew what those other reviewers were talking about - grainy photo after grainy photo . i really really wanted this camera to be great , but it just wasn't . actually , my old 3mp camera took better shots then the 6mp fx01 ! very disappointing . i ended up returning this camera to amazon ( very easy-great service ) because of the poor image quality . i mean , wanting good photographs is why you take photos , right ? i know someone with the sd600 and he 's very happy with the quality . judging by the customer images on the sd600 's page on amazon , i think i should 've gone with cannon 
music pos 872.txt imagine yourself sitting in a bistro on the champs elysees , sipping a nice glass of bordeux as your glance pulls you toward an alluring .... you get the picture . now buy the cd and thank me later ! highly recommended from someone who thought they heard it all ! bravo senor douglas 
music pos 671.txt i get the sense that the fleetwoods'body of recorded work is n't given the respect it deserves . over the course of their career , the trio recorded thirteen albums and yet this collection , as good as it is , is pretty much all that 's out there on cd , save for a few other compilations that cover much of the same ground . rock and roll has always had a soft side and it 's in this area that the fleetwoods really shine . their cover of thomas wayne 's & quot ; tragedy&quot ; is an evocative slice of 1961 teen angst-i ca n't put it any other way . maybe that 's the reason why the fleetwoods are given short shrift today : they 're the perfect embodiment of a ( then ) nascent teen culture 's soft and gentle side.this collection features all of their hits , some well chosen album tracks and the original pre-overdub version of & quot ; come softly to me&quot ; . if you like this recording , try looking for their original lps . ( my personal favourite is the 1963 & quot ; goodnight my love&quot ; album . 
camera neg 96.txt i agree with m. arse with the 2star rating . i was disappointed with this camera from the beginning . not a user friendly one and the pictures turn out very grainy with bad color quality unless you are in an optimum light . i 'm interested in the 7 mp camera canon offers . i 've read that it has much better shutter speed . recommended ? ? 
